---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Aug 04, 2019, 9:21 AM
dg-updated: Aug 05, 2019, 12:07 PM

---

This music inhibits my social ability. I'm not in the Spirit.

It makes me more social to sing a hymn to God with all my strength.  There's something about it that puts me in the Spirit. And the fruit of the Spirit makes you social because you care about people. You don't have to premeditate things to say to sound like you care because you actually will. It will come naturally.

But dc Talk's first album (and I love dc Talk) doesn't put me in that mood. It puts me in a selfish, "I want to be cool" mood. "Final days / Change your ways." I remember the attitude. There were elements of it that were good, and elements of it that were less noble. It provoked boldness and courage. "116 baby! Unashamed!" But to wasn't sober. It wasn't well attending to the things of God. It was very strong and very shallow. It wasn't about filling ourselves with God's word that we might not sin against him, and having a genuine care about people and about God. It was about redeeming Christianity from the legalistic stigma that's attached to it. Young Christians wanted to show the world that Christianity isn't concerned with whether you have a tattoo or watch worldly TV or listen to worldly music or go to a bar. "You thought we were against rap? Nah man! We rap even harder than you! You thought we were against dancing? Nah man, we mosh just as hard as you!" The mistake that I always felt but never pinned down is that it was a man centered approach to witnessing for Christ. We depended to much on being exactly like the world that we lost touch being being a friend of God. We filled ourselves with language about knowing God, but we didn't actually know him. It was all, "Yeah! Let's go. We're Christians and unashamed baby!" And the reason we would be ashamed is because there's a stigma about Christianity that we're legalists, and we're not ashamed because we know that's not what Christ was all about, so w're trying to represent Christianity in a fresh new way.

One of the consequence of that attitude is that it makes me want to compete by finding clever things to say rather than study to show myself approved unto God. I'm living before an audience of people, and I need to get them to judge me a certain way so I make Christianity look good. And I need my fellow Christians to think I'm a good representative, and that's how I'll impress them. I have to be cool. Versus when I sing hymns, I'm living before an audience of one, and as a result I will be quoting Bible verses all day long, and the pressure is off of me to say the right thing to make people like judge me as impressive. I'm way more social when I don't have to impress you than when I do have to impress you. "Oh, you think tattoos are a sin? What a babe in Christ. How primitive. We don't believe that in the 21st century. Try and keep up. You're making Christianity look old and outdated and irrelevant." That's what you see inside of their eye roll when you quote Bible verses. "Oh my gosh! I can't believe he quoted that. I watched a video by Jefferson Bethke that totally debunked that verse. Tattoos are totally fine! Drinking is totally fine! Secular music is totally fine!" Well that doesn't really bother me if I'm in the Spirit. I'm not responsible for what you do and teach, I'm responsible for what I do and teach, and if you think I'm silly for thinking that, I don't care, because I care a lot more that God thinks well of me, and Jesus said to do and teach the least commandments, and that's what I'm going to do. So I'm happy because I know I'm right with God, and you're criticism can't chink that armor. And therefore I'm not provoked to anger or bad feelings, which enables me to continue being your friend.


