---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Aug 21, 2018, 11:08 AM
dg-updated: Aug 21, 2018, 11:35 AM
tags: [godlyapparel complimentarianism]
---

People will say, "Oh but men are supposed to be soft and gentle and feeling and sensitive." The Bible never says that. "As the deer panteth for the water..." That's not righteous music. It's effeminate. It's all just a sensual lust based music. Your favorite song is effeminate! And it's wicked that you're trying to pull men into it, and make them effeminate. But you say, "Oh it's culturally defined." That is not true at all. God defines attributes of masculinity and femininity, and you need to listen to the Bible instead of listening to your liberal professor. The Bible never says that men are supposed to be queer little sissies with sensitive feelings. It says one time to be afflicted and mourn because of our sins, but not at church. It says 3 times in Nehemiah 8, in verse 9, in verse 10, in verse 11, that we're not supposed to be sorry,  we're not supposed to mourn or weep, we're not supposed to be grieved for our sin, for this day is holy. And so all the people put away their brokenness and ate, and drank, and rejoiced, and made great mirth, because it says in verse 10: For the joy of the Lord is your strength. And as soon as chapter 9 starts, and the holy days are over, they fasted and put on sackcloth and mourned together because of their sins. That's what you do in the quiet hour of prayer when you're in a private place. That's when you be broken. On Sunday, which is the new holy day in the New Testament, we are to be strong, and we are to be joyful. We put away our grievances and insecurities and brokenness for God's holy day. So when John Piper says you must say in your Sunday School class, "Wretched man that I am," he's totally wrong. Say that on Monday. Say that in your house, in a closet, in your van before God, but don't say that at church on God's holy day. ==Imagine this is a little boy's birthday party. It's a day of celebration and if you contaminate it with your problems, you've ruined his birthday. Celebrating our Lord Jesus week by week is way more important than celebrating a child year by year==, and for one day a week you put away your grievances. So when you bring in your sappy, effeminate, broken-hearted, grievous music to church, God's not receiving that as worship. Whatever experience you think you've had was counterfeit, because what I'm preaching right now is Bible. You thought you were sharing a tender moment with God, but God is appalled at your queer music and making love to the mic. It's gross. And you're so out of tune with God that you don't even know this. And I can say this because I spent my entire youth years having those tender moments, and being softened, not knowing that the whole time God's word was saying, "Be not sorry, weep not, mourn not. The joy of the Lord is your strength. Be strong." I was effeminate, and I was disgusting to God. That's the truth, and if you're going to worship God in spirit and in truth, you're going to have to come to terms with what I'm saying.


