---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Aug 03, 2018, 7:35 AM
---

For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotton Son, and whosoever believeth on him **and repents from their sins** shall not perish, but have everlasting life? Why do you add that?

I've said it before, obedience is the highest level of faith. (Support that faith occurs in different measures: \[[Luke 8: the Parable of the Sower](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nr3tbHc4wZs&t=38m47s), [He Is the Source of Eternal Salvation for All Who Obey Him](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SSgbDePnlg&t=47s)\]) Do you believe that God's promises are true? Do you believe that he withholds no good thing from them that love him and keep his commandments? "Oh, but I really want to see my girlfriend naked. It's going to be good." No it's not going to be good. If it was good, God wouldn't withhold it from you. "That pornography is going to be good. That fornication is going to be good. This lie is going to accomplish something good." No, none of that is good, because God withholds it from us. Do you believe that? That pornography is not going to be good, it's going to be miserable. And I know that sin makes promises. Sin promises you that it's going to be good. That's why its called the lusts of deceit. The question is, who's promises are you going to believe: the promises of God, or the promises of sin? For whatsoever is not of faith is sin (Romans 14:23). A lot of people make the mistake of thinking that verse expands sin and extends it to things that the Bible doesn't address. But if you're a careful reader, you know it doesn't expand sin. It elaborates on sin. It is very much compatible with 1 John 3:4 saying, "sin is the transgression of the law."

Do we have two different working definitions of sin? No. It means the same thing. ==The highest level of faith is obedience to God's law, and therefore whatsoever is not of faith is sin. The only reason anybody is transgressing the laws of God is because they lack faith in his promises==. "You will surely not die if you eat the apple." Adam's sin originated from a lack of faith in God's promises. And any sin that you commit, there's a scripture you can point to to prove that it's a sin. There's a command of God. A law of God. I promise. And therefore we shouldn't think of God's law as separate from God's will, or sin as separate from God's law, or the works of the law.

And none of us should demonize the works of the law, and say, "The law is evil." A lot of people do that. Because we recognize that the law is what condemns us to hell, and that the works of the law are powerless to save anyone. We say, "No man is justified by the works of the law! If you depend on the law to be saved, you go to hell!" And that's true, but then we end up missing that it's because we _transgressed_ the law, not because the law is bad, or unjust, or has a bad utility. What we do is we identify the law as sin, because we say it's because the law that we go to hell, which is correct, but not complete. It's because of out _sin_ that we go to hell. And so the law and sin are closely related, because they're opposite sides of the same coin. Sin is to transgress the law, obedience is to keep the law. And since none are righteous, no not one, the only side of the coin we think about is the _condemning_ side, and we get a bad taste in out mouth when we talk about the law. But I'm going to clear something up right now: God'a law is _perfect_. It's good. It's really good. And the Bible says, "What shall we say then? Is the law sin? God forbid. Nay, I had not known sin, but by the law: for I had not known lust, except the law had said, Thou shalt not covet." ==So when you hear me say that relying on your good works to save you is a first class ticket to hell, don't hear me saying that the works of the law are bad. That's not the issue. The issue is== _faith_==, not works==. Nobody goes to hell because they did good works. It's in that word _rely_. What does it mean when you _rely_ on your obedience? It means that you depend on your obedience to God (which is the highest level of faith), to be acceptable before a just and holy God. What does _depend_ mean? It means that your acceptableness is determined by your obedience. 

\--and I'm going to pause right here, and get something out of the way. A lot of people think this is a caricature of the phrase, "Believe on Jesus and repent of your sins," because they say, "We aren't saying faith is by works. Nobody keeps the law perfectly. We know that. That's we we need Jesus. But, if you don't do some good works in tandem with believing on Jesus, you're not saved. So it's faith and works, you see." Here's why that doesn't change anything: ==a result is determined by the variables that cause the result. If the result of salvation is determined by Jesus's blood== _and_ ==works, than if you take away works, you don't produce the result of salvation, which makes your works a determining factor in salvation, and therefore your acceptableness it== _determined_ ==by your obedience==, which means you _rely_ on your works for entrance into heaven. So it isn't a caricature to characterize 'faith' + 'repentance from sin' as relying on works. If Jesus did his part, and now you must do your part, the only variable left if your obedience, which means it's not only partly determined by your obedience, which is enough to nullify the grace of God; the rest of it is completely determined by your obedience. --

Do you see the paradox? You can't have faith in faith. You have to have faith in Jesus. Faith lies on what you depend on for salvation. So if your faith is distributed between Jesus's achievements accomplished by his blood on the cross _and_ obedience to his Lordship, to keep his words, then your faith rests -- in part -- on the _you_ performing the highest level of faith in God's promises. Here's the paradox: your faith is on you to have the highest measure of faith in God. Salvific faith in God means faith in the record God gave of his son, which is one promise. That's enough to get your saved. Well that promise was that eternal life is _in his son_. That is, purchased for us by the achievements of Christ on the cross. And the substance of that achievement is offered freely to everyone and given to anyone who believes that eternal life is accomplished by the achievements of Christ on the cross. Well, if you believe that salvation is partly purchased by your obedience, then you don't believe the record God gave of his son, and so in attempting to be acceptable by attaining to or moving in and out of the highest level of faith, you  actually show yourself to be faithless, because you don't believe the most fundamental promise of all. Not all faith is created equal. Faith refers to believing in a promise, and there's one specific promise you have to believe to be saved, and that's the record God gave of his son. ==If you believe all of his other promises, but you don't believe that one, you're not saved==. To believe that eternal life is in his Son is incompatible with believing that eternal life is determined by your obedience.

Why? 

Instead of obeying God because of your faith in God's promises, you're obeying God to achieve 

 It's honestly paradoxical when you get down to the roots of it, because when you keep the law as a means of getting to God, it is disconnected from faith, because now and therefore obedience is no longer _any_ demonstration of faith.

And don't tell me the Bible doesn't address everything. I guarantee you, anything that you wonder if its a sin or not, the Bible addresses. You can draw out the will of God from the Bible, because it addresses everything. Not in legal format, but in principle format. And that's enough to decipher the will of God. There are formulas, if you will, that you can plug your situation into, and see the result.

\-- and in case a man will say, "If obedience is the highest level of faith, faith + works is a false dichotomy. It's just faith, then, because that's all there is." You don't need the highest level of faith to be saved. You only need the faith of a mustard seed. Any amount will do. All you need is the faith to believe the promise of eternal life, that God has given us eternal life, and this life is in his Son. --

\-- another objection in some people's mind is that belief is self-referentially defined, which causes an endless loop of confusion. If you're saved by believing that whosoever believeth on Jesus shall be saved, you define belief with belief, and it doesn't work, because what are you actually believing? You're believing that believing on Jesus gets you saved? Well what does 'believe on Jesus' mean? It means that you believe that you're saved by putting your faith on Jesus. What's another word for faith? Belief. Well then you're believing that believing that believing on Jesus gets you saved. And it becomes infinitely disconnected from Jesus, because the substance of the proposition that you're believing takes a step back every time you try to define it. Well that's not true. This is the definition of what believing on Jesus is: that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son. You believe that eternal life is achieved by Christ's death on the cross, and by no other means. People that don't believe in the utility of that achievement do not meet the condition of the free gift, which is offered to everyone, and given to believers. --

\-- and nobody tell me that I'm complicating the gospel. You don't need to understand all of this to just believe God's promise, just like a child doesn't have to understand how light is the activation energy for the chemical reaction of photosynthesis to occur, but that light isn't an actual component of food for the plant, in order to make it grow. All the child needs to know is that you put the plant in the sun and it grows. The only time you have to start explaining how photosynthesis works is when somebody keeps the plant inside and shines a flashlight at it to make it grow. All of this is completely irrelevant to the simple gospel. A child can believe it without all of this explanation. It's because of the hardness of your heart that you have need to understand the intricacies of the gospel, that you might believe and obtain salvation. It's your gospel that's the complicated gospel, because it's filled with double talk. "It's all by faith alone, but then you have to repent, but repentance is just a willingness, ..." A child is left in confusion with your gospel, because you contradict yourself at every turn, and the paradox is intuitively confusing, even if a child can't articulate or pin point the contradictions. --

\-- some might say, "Well, whatsoever is the transgression of the law is not of faith, but does that mean whatsoever is not of faith is the transgression of the law?" Because what they want to say is that the Bible doesn't cover every sin, and therefore sin includes things outside of what the Bible covers, and they want to make sin almost an abstract idea, where everything is sin. But the Bible doesn't say that at all. God defines sin, he's very clear, and Paul doesn't make John's definition void and null. "Oh, you thought sin was transgressing the law? I'm going to crank it up a couple notches! It's anything that is not of faith!" Look, anything that is not of faith transgresses a law of God. Every single thing. Otherwise there's nothing to be faithless about. =="I invented the umbrella." "Man, you're so faithless! Don't you have faith that God's going to put a hedge of protection around you to keep you from getting rained on?"== No. I'm not violating anything in the Bible by carrying an umbrella. ==Faith has an object. It doesn't hang in the air, or lie in made up imaginations of men== that say, "God will do XYZ." Faith means you believe a promise of God, or you trust that his commandments are good, and right, and true, and therefore if God didn't say anything about an umbrella, I can't be faithless my making one. God never promised to keep me from getting rained on, so it's not faithless to carry an umbrella. So if you can't point to something in the Bible that I'm violating, you can't say I'm being faithless. And therefore every single faithless act you do is violating some object of God's revealed will in the Bible, or it cannot be said to be faithless. --

\-- basically I wrote all this up because it occurred to me while I was in the shower that when I said, "Obedience boils down to faith" the other day, there was a verse that supported that. --

\-- also because the Bible says over and over that we're sinners, and that no man can say he's cleaned his heart, if you then presume that you can achieve some measure of acceptableness by you contaminated efforts at righteousness, that exhibits a failure to believe the revelation of God, and therefore is faithless. --


