# Apr 3

## Stresses

- [ ] **Cucumber Working Session** with POs on Wednesday
- [ ] POs not responding when Arjun told me to get their **computers setup**
- [ ] Will flights to **Bahamas** be open for the Mission Trip Faith and I are going on Apr 24th?
- [ ] Need to respond to Uncle Stu about House Stuff
- [x] Waiting for Faith's Passport
- [x] Solve the missing error handling in AOL
- [ ] Meetings with Andrea

Stresses are a good indicator that you are doing something meaningful. Learn to think of stresses as opportunities to accomplish something. Being stressed is way better than being comfortable doing nothing, because [[Focus and Mental Energy#Parkinson's Law|it indicates preparation for action]].

Imagine the world you desire. Your stresses are an opportunity to move closer to actualizing that vision. You're making the world a better place. You're a keynote speaker at an event that will inspire this generation to work hand-in-hand towards a better world. Better tools, better structures, better systems.

# Apr 1

- [x] Message Uncle Stu
- [ ] Write down what Mariana likes (for getting her thoughtful gifts)
- [ ] Upload WhatsApp screenshots to Google Photos and link to digital garden
- [ ] Google Distance Matrix API: Find the closest Kroger
- [x] Enable Billing for [Google Distance Matrix API Keys](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials?project=job-location-calculator)
	- [x] GDMA [Traffic By Response Code](https://console.cloud.google.com/google/maps-apis/metrics?project=job-location-calculator)
	- [x] GDMA [Billing Budget](https://console.cloud.google.com/billing/01DABE-E15B7B-415451/budgets?project=job-location-calculator)
- [x] How to [lace new shoes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90yED-bgeyc)
- [ ] Upload which comforter, sheets, and mattress pad I got for my birthday (in case I need a replacement in the course of time)

```
https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/place/nearbysearch/json?location=32.684399,-97.134323&radius=5000&keyword=Kroger&key=YOUR_API_KEY

```

## Message Uncle Stu

ChatGPT:

My Grandma died last November. She had 5 children (we all get along great at family reunions), and now the trust needs to be resolved, so the children are going to sell the house. They emailed each other asking if anyone in the family wants to buy it. After crunching the numbers, I can only afford a $230,00 house (without doing renovations), and the Zestimate on Zillow is $261,800. This is the house: https://www.zillow.com/homes/7322-Oakmore-Dr-Dallas,-TX-75249_rb/26892483_zpid/ My mom wrote to them that I may be interested. My Uncle Stu does Real Estate, and he's been managing the renters in this house for awhile, so he's going to handle the sale probably. He messaged me this morning to say that they're going to put mom's house on the market soon, and they served notice to the renters to be out of there by April 30th, and wants to know if I'm interested. How do I express my interest while being transparent that I can only afford $230,000? They are also aware that the fence will need to be replaced, which Uncle Stu estimates will be $10,000. There are several other renovations I want to do: raising the sunken floor, replacing the cabinets, retile the floor with synthetic wood, redo the fireplace, take down a wall, maybe paint the brick and take out the shrubs.  Can you write a message for me?

Hello Uncle Stu,

Thank you for reaching out to me about potentially buying Grandma's house. I am definitely interested, but I want to be transparent about my financial situation. After crunching the numbers, I can only afford a maximum of $230,000 for the house, even with the Zestimate on Zillow at $261,800.

I understand that there will be some additional costs, such as the fence replacement. I also have some renovation plans in mind, such as raising the sunken floor, replacing the cabinets, retiling the floor with synthetic wood, redoing the fireplace, maybe taking down a wall (it's been a long time since I've seen the inside), and removing the shrubs. These renovations will require additional funds, and I'm still working out the details of how much they will cost.

Given my budget limitations and the additional costs I'm expecting, I wanted to be upfront with you and the other siblings. I would be happy to discuss this further and see if we can come to an agreement that works for everyone. If not, no worries.

The location seems good for me, 9 minutes away from church, 27 minutes away from work. Of course I would want to see the house, and Mariana wants to see it too.

Thank you again for reaching out.


# Mar 25
- [x] Create [[Phone Verefication|second ChatGPT account]] for integration with IntelliJ plugin and work questions.
- [x] Fix failing login to ChatGPT through IntelliJ plugin
	- [x] [Enable Proxy](https://chatgpt.en.obiscr.com/settings/openai-settings/)
	- [x] Use the ChatGPT Online Option
	- [x] [Look at IDE logfiles](https://intellij-support.jetbrains.com/hc/en-us/articles/207241085-Locating-IDE-log-files)
	- [x] Update plugin
	- [x] Ask Dustin on Monday how he logged in successfully
- [x] Download [ChatGPT for Windows](https://github.com/lencx/ChatGPT/releases/tag/v0.12.0) (Wrapper)
- [x] Download favorite TikTok videos in case TikTok is shutdown by congress
- [ ] Learn about [Cite Keys](https://forum.obsidian.md/t/citations-and-bibliography/11495) in the citation plugins for Obsidian
- [x] Learn about [[Setting up Git Obsidian#Introduction to Obsidian|digital gardening]]
- [ ] Convert Clean House photos from OneDrive to [[House Rennovation Ideas]]
- [ ] What new neighborhoods are arising?
- [ ] Submit feature request for obsidian-page-gallery to [support multiple images from a single file](https://github.com/tokenshift/obsidian-page-gallery/issues/36)
- [x] Retroactively upload tasks from 2018 (62 files in [1 hour sermon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thA6KyXZ5HU))
- [ ] Retroactively upload tasks from 2019
# Mar 17

## Physical Tasks
- [ ] Buy Deodorant
- [x] Buy steak for lunch
- [x] Recycle Bedframe Box
- [ ] Call Bryant for church
- [x] Pickup Brio from CVS
- [x] Love Mariana to the fullest extent
- [x] Clean car matts
- [ ] Clean inside of car windshield
- [x] Fill up tire
- [ ] Get tire replaced

## Computer Tasks
- [ ] Activate new Debit Card
- [x] Quantify the [[House#How does debt negatively affect my quality of life?|negative effect of loan interest]] on my quality of life
- [ ] [Transfer historical Evernote Tasks](https://facedragons.com/foss/migrate-evernote-to-obsidian/) (from Tasks notebook) to Obsidian
	- [x] Export Notebook to ENEX
	- [x] `choco install -y joplin`
	- [x] Import ENEX file in [Joplin](https://joplinapp.org/)
	- [x] Export from Joplin to Obsidian
	- [ ] Merge into yearly notes (Lower Priority because it will take 10 hours for 250 notes)
		- [x] Jul 10 - [[2018#Aug 10|Aug 10]], 2018 (20 notes)
- [x] Make Checked Strikethrough more readable in Obsidian 
- [ ] Learn [[Technology (Digital Revolution)#AI As A Job Search Assistant|negotiation tactics]] / collect previous work into Obsidian
- [x] Plan my 27th birthday
- [ ] Assess if my life is on track with wise goals
- [ ] Fix Lightshot (Greenshot sucks - people buy more with fewer options - [[Simplicity Over Complexity]])
- [ ] Pay Dentist
- [x] Raise [[Setting up Git Obsidian#Plugin|Git Feature Requests]] for Automatic Search Bar Population from Selected Text
- [x] Install omnisearch and doubleshift plugins
- [ ] Transfer Headway Book Notes to Obsidian
- [ ] Transfer Tip videos (Workout, Parenting, Relationship)
- [ ] Cancel Huel subscription
- [x] Create paystub history to track tithing
	- Next tithe due on March 23rd

# Mar 11
- [x] Update last 3 months of transactions in YNAB 4
- [x] Add renaming rules to YNAB 4 to make importing bulk transactions easier
- [x] Update last 10 months of YNAB 4 budget
- [ ] Migrate YNAB 4 to subscription based model to access on IOS device
- [x] Oil Change at Caleb's
- [x] Crunch numbers regarding the potential of buying [[House#Houses|Grandpa's old house]]
	- [x] What is Caleb's Square feet
	- [x] [[House#Ideal Living Location|Distance to 3 most important destinations]]
	- [x] Triangulate [[House#Ideal Living Location|ideal living location]]
	- [ ] Decide by faith, not by greed
	- [ ] Estimate renovations
		- [ ] $10,000 fence
		- [ ] $3,000 raise the floor
		- [ ] $5,000 for new windows
		- [ ] $2,000 retile the floor
		- [ ] $4,000 knock down middle wall
	- [x] Gather [[House#Wise Investments|relevant sermons]]
- [ ] Incorporate [timeline of my life](https://www.preceden.com/timelines/803407-ethan-s-life) into Obsidian
- [ ] Create an estimate of total life expenses with n number of kids, Mariana, and myself
- [x] Identify all the [[Technology (Digital Revolution)|technology that has increased goods in the global economy]] compared to before they existed
- [ ] Call Bryant

# Mar 2
- [x] Call Wal-Greens
- [x] How to Marinate a [[Saladmaster Recipes#Chuck Eye Steak|Chuck eye Steak]]
- [ ] Add workout GIFs and alternatives to [[Upper Lower Workout Routine]]
- [x] Post grades from last 2 week's cucumber session
- [x] Prepare Cucumber lesson for tomorrow
- [ ] HP to Dell Lift and Shift
	- [x] Record [[Laptops#Dell Latitude 7430|Dell Specs]]
	- [x] Move PowerToys
	- [x] Include `kubeconfig` and `settings.xml` files with professional journal.
	- [x] Record Dell [[Docking Stations#Dell Thunderbolt Dock WD22TB4|docking Station specs]]
	- [x] [[Docking Stations#Dell Thunderbolt Dock WD22TB4#Dell HP Support Question|Reach out]] to Dell about low monitor resolution
	- [x] Move Logitech Options Over (Backups linked to account, need to be off VPN).
	- [x] Install A Recorder
	- [ ] Download FL Studio
	- [ ] Add signature to Outlook
	- [ ] Grep Console

