---
Bible: 20
Pray: 0
Scripture_Typer: 0
Sing_Hymns: 0
Make_Bed: 0
iRestore_Treatment: 0
Flexbelt: 0
Gym: 0
Run: 0
Clean_Room: 0
Headway: 0
Spanish: 15
Yousicion: 0
NoFap: 0
Tiege_Hanley: 0
Pushups: 0
---

Words can be some of the most damaging forces in our lives. They can put ideas in a person’s mind about who they are, and spiral into a **self-fulfilling prophecy**. Therefore speak life. Speak beautiful words and don’t speak evil. Tell people who they are by focusing on the positive traits you see in them, and those traits will be enlarged.

My toxic trait is that I entertain negative thoughts that I would never want anyone to read. Our battle is at the thought level, not at the words level. But it is also sometimes therapeutic to identify the poisonous feelings I am having by exploring them through writing. Below is a collection of notes that explore those feelings. They are not a reflection of anyone around me, but of my apparent low self esteem and how much my own thoughts damage me needlessly when I could have shifted my perspective to behold the beauty of the world instead of imagining the ugliness that in many cases only exists in my mind.

When I feel that I am being manipulated or used, or I am having an internal trust issue, I often write nasty things as a desperate grasp for power. I don’t want to feel powerless so I pretend I am the one making the decision. I think of reasons that I should breakup with her so that I am not vulnerable. And my mind gets poisoned by my ego. There is not a sin God hates more than pride. So if anyone decides to read the below notes, please know that in my heart of hearts I don’t really mean anything contained therein. I’m a shy, defensive, sensitive person trying to protect himself from being hurt. Ironically it is by becoming vulnerable (lowering my defenses against anyone to attack me) that I become strong. My goal is to become strong as a man should be, with open body language, and extend trust rather than imagine betrayal. I don’t know if I was hurt in my past, and that’s why I have issues. Nevertheless issues are meant to be dealt with, not projected on other people, and therefore I am committed to dealing with them. The first step is acknowledging my current state, and below is that openness.

- [ ] Add breakup notes to Obsidian
- [ ] Add “notebook” tag to dataview notes
- [x] Look into [[Rocket RMS]] for website
- [x] Create potential church logos for Stedfast
- [x] Email Rocket RMS to enable my account