---
Bible: 0
Pray: 0
Scripture_Typer: 0
Sing_Hymns: 0
Make_Bed: 0
iRestore_Treatment: 0
Flexbelt: 0
Gym: 0
Run: 0
Clean_Room: 0
Headway: 0
Spanish: 0
Yousicion: 0
NoFap: 0
Tiege_Hanley: 0
Pushups: 0
---

- [x] Create PNR Step
- [x] [[I'm Doubting John Piper's Salvation]]
- [x] Sync Photos
- [ ] Sort out [[2023 Black Friday List|Black Friday needs]]
- [ ] Nutrition (?)
- [ ] Update [[Goals/Timeline of my Life|Timeline of my Life]] with Improving / AA. What are my yearly accomplishments? Integrate AA Goals.
- [ ] Setup eye exam

What do I want? A nice body? A good marriage? To help people who are suffering without the gospel, and only Jesus can give them peace? Recognition for helping people? A good name? To remove the blindness in my eyes so I can see Jesus? To walk with God? I know what it is to be empty. Desires grow dim with age. Passions dwindle as achievements grow.

I removed the bookshelves from my room. All the noise that was stressing me out every day. Now the bare walls breed boredom. I had too many books to read that my mind was overwhelmed, and now that I have none, I realize chaos is better than peace. [[Examples of Bad House Ideas#Messy House|Clutter]] is better than [[House Renovation Ideas|clean rooms]]. Stress is an indicator of action. There's always something to stare and your mind and say, "Read me! Use me! Do some pull ups!" You have an endless check list of projects to complete. I thought if I could just get my things in order, that would free me to pursue more important goals. Health. Hospitality. Discipleship.

Instead I am wasting away without motivation in my mind. Yet this I know: Champions are not created when they are motivated, but on the days they feel like quitting. Don't quit. Keep going. Keep building. And remember, the eyes are not satisfied with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing. Today your simple goal is this: Fear the Lord and keep his commandments, Beyond that will be a weariness of the flesh.