---
Bible: 
Pray: 
Scripture_Typer: false
Sing_Hymns: false
Make_Bed: false
iRestore_Treatment: false
Flexbelt: false
Gym: false
Run: 
Clean_Room: false
Headway: false
Spanish: false
Yousicion: false
NoFap: false
Tiege_Hanley: false
Pushups:
---

First and foremost I wanted to write to say that I'm grateful to be on this team, and I'm sorry for any ways that I have been a negative influence on the people here. I consider this team a family, and the last thing I want is to cause anyone to hurt each other with negative comments, or create a culture of inappropriate comments hidden throughout T&R.

I did not write the comment we saw in Dev Forum, but I do feel responsible in a way. I have to take ownership of the fact that my own Easter Eggs are seen by others, and people imitate those they look up to. I can see where the things I did write could have inspired someone to think it would be funny to sneak in that kind of comment, but I did not find it funny. And I can see where others did not find my Easter Eggs funny.

This makes me realize that not only am I causing people to cringe at my comments, but spreading to others and causing more of it to go around. I see that now, and I'm very sorry for this.

I did two things wrong:
1. I violated company policy by giving an inappropriate name to my branch.
2. I didn't bring it up to Indhu when Neil had me correct the branch name.

I understand any next steps that you decide to take with me, but I wanted to say that I am committed to fixing the problem. I see the importance of keeping my comments professional. I want to be a good example to those that look up to me, and I promise to do everything I can to promote proper speech in our conversations, in our code, and everywhere, starting with myself. I will make it my personal goal in talent central. If I see others planting Easter Eggs where they don't belong, I will comment, "Let's keep things professional," and do my best to explain why it's important. We want to be a team worthy of respect, and these comments can spiral out of hand. It's best to take our jobs seriously and be the best that we can be. Our speech is a reflection of who we are, and we want to be the kind of people that speak life, and treat others with kindness, and it should fit where it's placed.

Please tell me how I can get better.

To Stacey, I'm sorry for making you doubt me. Last year you taught me that justice is corrective, not punitive, and I've tried to honor that in course correcting how I use my words. I'm not perfect yet, and this branch name doesn't help you believe in me, but please give me the chance to gain your trust back. I want to be the kind of employee you are proud to have on your team.



I want both of you to be able to trust me, and I've always bee

For what it's worth, I'm committed to keeping all of my comments, branch names, commits, and so forth professionsl


This team is special, and everyone deserves to be treated professionally. 

I understand that 
I do feel responsible for negatively impacting 

, because I realize people copy people that they look up to. 
I want to take ownership of how my Easter eggs can contribute to a culture where people 

When I saw the comment written in the Ticketing Automation POC, I was off put and a little surprised by it. Neither Carol or I thought it was funny. I did not write 



I did not like the comment that Carol and I found in the ticketing poc, nor did I think it was funny.

When I read the comment that someone put in the ticketing poc Carol and I were off put and did not think it was funny. 

I want to take ownership of how I my own Easter eggs are seen 


When I read it I didn't not think it was funny, and me and Carol removed it immediately, but we didn't push it until today.



I can help by promising to keep my branch names professional, and if I see a comment in code review, I will comment, "Hey guys, let's keep it professional."

I didn't write that, but I can see where some of the things I have written could have been a front runner for that kind of comment.

I can see that my branch name
As we saw in Dev Forum, there were some Easter eggs planted that were completely out of line. I didn't write that one, but I'm willing to take ownership of it, because I can see where the things I did write could have inspired someone to think it would be funny to put in that kind of comment.


If I wrote that, I would tell you. I'm an open book. And I believe people should own up to their mistakes and correct the problem. And I've written things about Mariana, but that was off color even for me.

- There was nothing about Mariana.
- There was nothing positive.
- It was vulger.

Stacey I've always told you the truth. I **don't shy away from trouble** when I deserve it because that **doesn't do me any good**.

That was an expression of my affection for Mariana, not an expression of my disdain for anyone else.


