---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Jan 2, 2019, 1:15 PM
---

Dear God, help me not to be lazy today. Help me to be motivated and driven to get my work done. I'm trying to work and earn my bread, dear Lord. I want to find work, and I'm socially anxious in that context. Help me to have the peace that you promise to them that stay their minds on you. Help me not to worry about food or clothes, but to put your kingdom first. Help me to trust you, that you have something good for me in the future. Help me to be faithful, and not get too busy in my labor to do the work of God and be a fruitful Christian. The eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing, and I'm prone to keep plugging away until it's time for bed, neglecting to those things which you've required of me.

Help me to trust that there's an upright girl out there for me. Last January I purged my heart from Bethany, and this January I'm purging my heart from Amy, and I'm loveless. There's no one I know who wants the same things I want. There's no girl I know who has the same goals, who would follow me in living for the Lord, and push me and motivate me to keep in godliness and attain unto righteousness. I've seen myself sin for the sake of having something in common with a girl. Let the very thought of such compromise perish. I'll marry my beard before I compromise anything of God. But also help me to balance your wisdom with your wisdom. You've said beauty is vain and charm is deceitful, but a woman who fears the Lord will be praised, and therefore my brain is not content to let my heart stay on Amy. You've also said, "Marriage is honourable in all, and the bed undefiled: but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge. Let your conversation be without covetousness; and be content with such things as ye have: for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee." I will not ever find someone so perfect that I find no spot or blemish in their interests. Do I need to [just pick someone](https://rumble.com/v38sjus-unicorns-by-pastor-steven-anderson.html?start=1601), or wait in faith that there's ==a girl who loves the King James Bible, has a burden for the lost, wants to go soul-winning, wants to have many kids, wants to homeschool the children, wants to hear doctrinal preaching, wants to wake up early with her husband and seek God in the morning, wants to sing psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, wants the TV out of the house, wants to go dancing, wants to play tennis, wants to be active in doing fun things, wants to go to church 3 times a week, pushes me to be more social, wants to remove wicked music from the house, hates sin, doesn't want anything to do with alcohol, disapproves of tattoos, and doesn't want anything to do with breaking the least of God's commandments?== That's what I mean when I say, "Loves the Lord." Someone who is sold out for the King. Someone who isn't worldly. Is she out there, Lord? If she is, I don't know her name. And oh how I hope her voice is bearable, because Brianna from Revival Baptist Church was an upright woman, but her voice is as the voice of one speaking to a young child. Help me to be content with what I have, not lusting after what I don't have, wishing I had a wife. I have the promises of God. I have the Bible. I have my brothers and sisters. I have a church. I have so many wonderful blessings from God, and it's not right for my countenance to be low for the cause of one good thing that's withheld from me. I'm sorry, Lord. And I'd like to make it right. It's this stubborn heart that insists on weeping without reason.

Yes, I will walk alone. I will sing Psalm 6 to God. I have a comforter. I have a helper. I have one to strengthen me in my time of trouble. And I have one to know the tears that fall on the other side of my eyes. I will be faithful in keeping with Blanchard's class, because he is health to my bones. But my own class fills me with outrage, depression, and self-hatred. I hate who I am in their presence. I want to just avoid them. Perhaps that'd be best. Put away from thee a froward mouth, and perverse lips put far from thee. Ponder the steps of thy path. Keep careful watch over your company. I just wish I had some peers. But I will enter into the resting place of Jeremiah, standing in view of his example before me. Though none go with me, I still will follow. Though I walk alone, I'll walk the path before me. Though I sing alone, I'll sing to God. Though I learn alone, I'll apply to my own heart every word which is committed to my trust. Though none is here to see God with me, I'll look to you alone. I'll obtain a pure heart alone. Yet not alone, because thou art with me. Amen.