---
dg-publish: true
---

How did I end up with a girl like Mariana? First of all, Mariana is wonderful. She's sweet, she loves me, she's selfless, she's hard working, she's great. The reason I ended up with her, to be completely honest, is this: I was weak and she was loose. I slept with her after we had been dating a bit.

> [!Bible] [Exodus 22:16 - KJV](https://bible-api.com/Exodus+22:16?translation=kjv)
> *16. And if a man entice a maid that is not betrothed, and lie with her, he shall surely endow her to be his wife.*

I'm not going to be a loose fornicator that aimlessly sleeps with a bunch of girls and doesn't take responsibility. I would rather choose a woman with less spiritual qualities and be in the will of God, than choose a woman with more spiritual qualities and be outside the will of God.

> [!Bible] [Proverbs 15:17 - KJV](https://bible-api.com/Proverbs+15:17?translation=kjv)
> *17. Better is a dinner of herbs where love is, than a stalled ox and hatred therewith.*

Could it be that Mariana has a giant heart full of love, and she's been loving the wrong things, and God intends to use me to capture her heart for him? Could it be that she needs somebody to be a spiritual leader to reach her potential for God? We don't know why it makes sense to follow God's plan all the time, but every single commandment that you follow will make your life better, not worse. Don't look for loopholes and technicalities. Be true to the integrity of his word, and when you realize that you've put yourself in a bad situation with no way out, choose God's way through. The best thing to do is to humble yourself, and God might just have a reason for why he told you to marry that girl when you sleep with her. "But she's loose, ungodly, and the Bible says to look for a woman who fears God." Yeah but God told you to marry her when you sleep with her. You should have picked a godlier girl, you should have waited for marriage, but you're in the situation your in, and the best move on the chess board is to stop thinking and go where God tells you to go. You can win a game even with a bad opening if you listen to the master. And who knows, when God sees you humble yourself, confess your sin, and make it right, he might just stir up that girls heart for God through your example, and then you end up with a woman who's as beautiful as the models in the world and as virtuous as the girls that belong to God. Follow God and lead her, and I promise it will go better than if you try to make decisions by your own wisdom. So yes, I choose my table of herbs. Mariana may not love going to church, she may not read the Bible, or pray, or sing hymns, she may like to drink, she may like to listen to worldly music, but she is my table of herbs with love. Like it or not I have a duty to her now, so I may as well like it.