---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Apr 29, 2023, 4:35 PM
tags: [diary, joural]
---

Lucy is a genuinely fun person to talk to. She has a lot of wisdom. Her voice is sharp and confident, but showered in femininity. I like that a lot. I can already tell that I would have more enjoyable conversations with her and an easier life than with Mariana. Of course that’s not the only thing I care about. There’s the 90-10 principle. I don’t want to flee to a girl that has the 10% Mariana lacks to discover she’s missing the 90% Mariana has. I love Mariana, and I’m committed to her, and she has my loyalty. However loyalty means something different when you’re dating than when you’re married. I think it’s okay to weigh my options before we have made vows to each other.

For reasons of duty, I won’t breakup with Mariana, but if she breaks up with me, I think Lucy is the girl I would want to date next. She’s very pretty, and a joy to be around. I always enjoy her company. And it would be so much easier than dating Mariana. However, sometimes the hard path is the path most rewarding. Lucy’s life would be the same weather she married me or Nick. She’ll go to a good church, have as many kids as the Lord gives, and be a soul winner the rest of her life. There’s no difference. Whereas with Mariana, her life will be drastically different if she marries me vs an unbeliever in Mexico. She’s too immature in her faith to choose wisely. She will choose someone in her circles, and none of them are saved. Her previous boyfriends cheated on her and she stayed with them. She might end up with that again. I don’t want that for her. I truly care about her. I want what’s best for her. And I want to give her the very best. That’s my heart.

That said, I do have my doubts we will work out. I’m 50% sure we will get married. I am free from the law. She isn’t a virgin, and I’ve paid in excess of $10,000 to her to support her, above the dowry of a virgin. If she walks away, I will be free from obligation. However I want to stay true to the spirit of that text, and I think God knows best, so if she chooses me, I will choose her. I won’t wait forever. At some point I will ask her to marry me, and her response will decide our future together. She has complete power over our future together in that moment. I will stay true to my convictions.

Nevertheless, I will live with the assumption that she will marry me, and try to set Lucy and Nick up in the meantime. I would be presumptuous to assume Lucy would date me anyway. But I do have at least one advantage. She told me she mostly says yes to dates by default, but she just likes time to become friends before moving into something more serious. If I merely express to her that I’m interested in her and would like to start spending time together, and give her space to evaluate what she feels about me, I believe she would afford me that chance. But I could be off base. I’m not a virgin, and I feel pretty bad about that. It may disqualify me. I personally would rather choose a girl who’s not a virgin but listens to me, than a girl who is a virgin with a blank face that I don’t share a connection with. Maybe she feels the same way, maybe not. I respect either decision.