---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Apr 10, 2023, 5:59 PM
dg-updated: 
tags: [breakup]
---

Over the weekend we drove home late from a movie at Caleb’s and I asked Mariana what was holding her back from wanting to move to Dallas and marry me. She gave [[4 Things Holding Mariana Back From Marrying Me|4 answers]], and then we talked about what it would take to make her ready.

She said she was worried that I would be controlling, and force her to do things she didn’t want to do. To which I responded that Jesus is my model for ruling the house. He loves me and accepts me as I am, and still asks me to change. Even though he commands me to change, he doesn’t force us to change. He waits for us to do it out of love for him, or fear of him, and he rewards those that love him according to their works. Our best possible relationship will be one where she submits to me, but I have no intention to presume that I have more control and authority over Mariana than God has over me. God already has more authority over both of us than I will ever have over her in my entire life, and he lets us choose to obey him or disobey him. Sometimes there are consequences to disobeying him, and sometimes he is merciful, but what you never get is an angry husband telling his wife, “You have to do this because I said so!” Which I think is what Mariana is afraid of, and she doesn’t have to be, because I don’t respect that kind of man. I’m not perfect, and sometimes I lose my patience, but before the sun goes down I will reflect on myself and make it right.

I told her that my goal is to be married at 28, because that’s when my dad was married, and as a child I thought he didn’t have game because he married so late. It’s 1 year away. I turn 29 in 23 months. I feel like we haven’t gone anywhere in our relationship in the last year. There’s been no movement, no progression. And as long as I’m unmarried, I won’t have any kind of relationship with God. I told her what my [[Life's Goals|life mission]] is, and how it entails closeness with God. Having sex gives that mission up. And until we are married, I cannot be right with God, because it’s too hard to give up sex. So the only solution is to be married. And so [[Timeline of my Life|my timeline]] isn’t just because I want to be married earlier, it’s because I will keep backsliding and becoming a worse and worse Christian until I get this issue fixed. I need to be married in order to achieve my spiritual mission in life.

A day later I took her to the Dallas Arboretum after church, and we continued the conversation. I recalled the [[4 Things Holding Mariana Back From Marrying Me|4 hesitations]] she had about marrying me and wrote them down. She then expressed that she needed time to herself to heal from the loss of her previous boyfriend, and that there was nothing I could do or say to help that process along. I felt that I was powerless to catalyze a movement in a positive direction for our relationship, so without any ill in my heart, I was honest and told her that it hurts to think about losing her, and I don’t want to, but I suggested it may be the right time to think about being in an open relationship. I didn’t feel it was fair to ask me not to be with other people when she wasn’t ready to move our relationship forward, and she agreed it was fair for me to be free to date other girls. I then expressed the [[Aimlessly Dating|time, money, and mental energy it takes]] to put myself back on the market. One of the reasons I don’t want to breakup is because dating is exhausting, and starting over with someone new takes a lot of energy, and if I’m in an open relationship, I have to spend that energy anyway. At the end of the day I want to keep her, but still be open to other girls, and she agreed. She also agreed that starting over takes a lot of energy, and that’s one of the reasons she dated me, because with me everything was so easy.

At some point she smiled sweetly with her pure eyes and said, “I don’t want to lose you. I love you. How about this: let’s talk again in 3 months.”

During our conversation about being in an open relationship, I wanted to let her know that I still think she’s the best girl for me. I told her that a man doesn’t choose to buy a house because it’s his dream house that is beautiful and perfect for him. He might see the most perfect house ever, but at the end of the day he will choose a house that’s available when he’s ready for it. It’s all about timing. A man doesn’t choose a wife because she’s the most perfect person for him. He chooses a wife when he’s ready. And if a house is perfect for me but it’s not on the market, there’s nothing I can do but look for other houses.

- Thursday - nothing
- Friday - movie with Faith
- Saturday - pictures, volleyball, movie at Caleb’s
- Sunday - church, botanical gardens, church