---
dg-publish: true
---
Created: Sunday, Dec 9, 2018, 8:31 PM

An option contract can be thought of as a coupon to buy 100 shares of stock of a specified company at a certain price by a certain expiration date. So let's say one share of American Airlines is trading at $50. I might pay $1 for an option contract that let's me buy American Airlines at $50 anytime in the next month. That way if it goes up to $60, I can buy stock for $50 a share, sell it at $60 a share, and I'm up $9 times 100, because an option contract controls 100 shares of stock. And if American Airlines goes down to 0, I only lost the $1 times 100 that I spent on the option.

Here's the flaw. The probability that the market will go up or down tomorrow is 50/50. If I buy a coupon, AA has to go up to $51 per share for me to even break even. So know the odds are out of my favor. That's why people sell calls in the first place. Because if the market goes down, they make money, and if it goes up a little, they still make money. So it's putting probabilities in their favor.

Here's the math that those people don't understand: All option strategies are priced to return to 0. If you buy call options all the time, and you hold them until expiration, even including all of your big winners, you'll probably break even based on the options mathematics. If I do a 90% probability Short Put Vertical, 90% probability is the inverse of the spread. So if I have a $5 wide strike spread, that means I'm going to make 50 cents on that, I'm taking a $4.50 risk, this is a high probability trade, a 90% probability trade. $4.50 is my risk, $0.50 is my profit, and 90% is my probability. That means I'm going to win 9 times out of 10. I take a 50 cent credit 9 times out of 10. 9 times 50 cents adds up to $4.50. That also means I'm going to lose 1 time, and that one time I'm gong to lose my risk, which is $4.50. And so when I've done 10 trades, what's my net profit? It's 0.

It is in the interest of the founders of brokerage firms to infer that you have a positive edge when you sell spreads because it increases their commissions. So that's why you'll have a lot of people trading spreads, but the aggregate probability is no different than straight calls and puts.