Created: Sunday, Dec 9, 2018, 8:31 PM
#laborhours 

I chose to be a soul-winner instead. CEO takes too much time.

The people that are going to end world hunger are going to be the farmers. People say, “You can’t do business that way.” Absolutely you can. WinRAR has shown that. What WinRAR has done is allowed an infinite 40 day trial for their product that allows users to use their product for free forever, and they make more money than any other competing product on the market. Why? Because people will buy even if they can get it for free. Commercial businesses will buy it out of legality, individuals will buy it out of values coupled with ability, or out of guilt; but the bottom line is you can actually give your product away and still make money. Why would people buy food from commercial businesses that buy it from farmers if they could get it for free? Because they can afford it. You say, “That sounds nice, but it won’t pan out.” Absolutely there will be people that exploit it. No question. But there will also be people who play by the rules, and there will be enough people who play by the rules to sustain flourishing business. Why? Look, work is hard, but people who don’t work get depressed. A paycheck is not the only incentive. People are going to start realizing this. We live in a world today where only a small percent of the population actually needs to work to create enough goods for the whole world to have a decent life. I believe the number of people that will work out of choice rather than necessity will exceed the number of people that are necessary to fulfil all stages of Maslow’s hierarchy. People want something to do. There will be incentives to work besides climbing up Maslow’s hierarchy. I believe that. Especially in the church. There is no reason that the church shouldn’t live in community (a capitalist twist on communism, or voluntary communism, as it were) like they did at the beginning. Members of a church who are being maintained by the church under a pastor who is helping them grow in sanctification will obey the commands in the Bible that the pastor is responsible for enumerating. I believe that. They will work. “If a man would not work, neither let him eat.” That’s Bible. There is no philosophy of mine that can argue with it. I can’t just say, “I believe every person is entitled to the basic necessities of survival that are enumerated in Maslow’s hierarchy.” I can’t even say a person should have that, because I’d be arguing with the Bible and I’m smart enough to know that God’s smarter than me. But I will say this: in Paul’s day a famer could grow enough food for about 10 people. Everybody needed to work or you’d end up like James Town. Today, a hundred fold. Technology works for us. Our intelligence works for us. We grow 100 fold the food for a small fraction of the work it used to take. That’s astonishing. Maybe, just perhaps, if Paul was here today, he might’ve said something different. “If a man would not work, take away his TV.” Maybe. “If a man would not work, neither let him have access to the highest stages of Maslow’s hierarchy provided by the church.” “If a man would not work, neither will he rejoice.” Because he will be depressed. I don’t know. That’s not what the Bible says, so I’m not going to get carried away. But I think we need to be mindful that perhaps, just maybe, when Jesus said, “Feed the hungry, clothe the naked,” he meant it. Inside the church, if people aren’t getting it, then we can take measures. Paul was way more strict with believers than unbelievers. John asid pure and undefiled religion is this: caring for the orphans and widows. Let’s do that. Let’s distribute the incredible wealth we have to the the world so that we can all climb Maslow’s hierarchy together. The higher up people are, the greater technology they will have, and the greater technology they posses, the more efficient their work will be, and the more efficient their work becomes, the wealthier the world will be. Think about how much work is wasted in third world countries. Imagine a whole village out there with their machetes cutting grass every month, when one person with a lawn mower could get the job done with less work every single week. It isn’t surreal to you, but there are countless hours of wasted work being poured out across the globe because people don’t have more efficient technology. We need to advance. Listen, if all the labor hours in these countries translated into American labor hours, into collegiate labor hours, the world would be so wealthy we wouldn’t know what to do with our wealth. We might start taking care of the earth better. We might start using more solar energy. The reason we don’t is because to advance the technology, startup costs are very expensive. If it takes 1000 labor hours to cut grass, and the same job can be done in 10 labor hours with a lawn mower (both more time efficient and quality effective), that frees up 990 labor hours to put towards something else. Even if we assume 90% of people just drop out of the workforce, which I think is an absurdly untrue number, you’re still 99 labor hours ahead of the game than if you don’t equip them with the lawn mower. Those 99 labor hours can be used towards other inputs. In accounting, labor hours is your dominant cost driver, and there are 8 types of waste. Let’s cut down the waste and start motivating people to work because they want to. I have a project called “Till” that I think will create herder working people than a paycheck could dream to. Work begins in the mind. It begins with philosophy. Let’s address that instead of this operant conditioning way of doing things, “Here, I’ll give you this chocolate if you’ll do this thing even though it’s completely unrelated.” That’s not the future. The future is math, and business, and psychology, and theology, and technology. It’s Khan Academy and individualized learning, not coerced learning. It’s Till and individualized working, not coerced working. I won’t get to see this happen before I die, but I will witness the beginning the a paradigm shift that will change the world. All of my words will be lost in a our-of-control array of information being imposed on the world. So I won’t waste my time writing; the only way I’ll see this change is by talking and persuading and doing.

Listen, I’m not a communist. Things need to be voluntary, that’s why I’m using words and persuasion instead of a gun. I’m not trying to persuade the people who have guns to use them to steal from wealthy people and give to poor people. That’s not what I’m about. What I’m about is persuading the wealthy people directly to live their lives this way. Not persuading someone who can coerce wealthy people to live this way at the end of a gun point. That’s not communism, that’s anarchy. Straight up. (Well, okay, so it’s called “communism,” but that word is too beautiful to be used that way. It’s essentially, “Community-ism,” and that is too nice a word to belong to such a horrendous philosophy.)

Politics is always a question of psychology, because it’s about people. It’s about our shared life together. It’s about how we will behave in response to certain ideologies, certain policies, certain laws and regulations. How can we govern our shared life together to stipulate it in such a way that we take care of each other? Government’s job is to make itself unnecessary. Let’s address the mind. How we function as a society and as people will depend on the values, the philosophies, and the learning that determines the way that we think. Education (not grades, and history, and algebra, but enlightenment, ispiration, seeing the world in a new, beautiful and true way) is ultimately the foundation of our future. Hitler said, “Whoever owns the youth owns the future.” Paychecks are not the most influential force in the world. Ideas are. That’s where we need to begin if we want to change the world. Look at Jesus: he changed the world with words. Yes, he did miracles. Yes, he died and rose from the dead to save them that are perishing, and that is the outshining, outstanding, emphasis and point of the gospel, and I don’t want to water that down in the slightest when I say this: The way Jesus changed the world was with words. With ideas. He got inside the motivations and work ethics and patience, ultimately the mind and way of thinking of other people by using words. They’re so powerful, and we need to realize that. We literally have the power to change minds, to shape the motivations of our future, of our youth, and we just want to say wave a paycheck in their face and say, “I’ll give you this if you do something useful.”? That’s borderline criminal. It’s the easy way out. It’s, ironically, lazy. You are being lazy in the way you get people to work when you reduce the motivation of working to, “I’ll give you a reward.” Work for reward. What about the making something? I think one of the value distortions (i.e. when someone pays me $200 dollars to make a video, my eyes widen and say, “Is the value of $200 worth of food actually equivalent to a 3 minute video?” Maybe. You need to somehow quantify the value of a video in terms of and in relation to something else (like $200 of food).  It depends on the value of the idea that the video is presenting in comparison with what $200 can otherwise buy. Otherwise I’d say, “Nope, won’t take that much, because this video is not that valuable) in the world is that people don’t think of their labor hours to product ratio in terms of what it could be. They don’t think of what they’re doing, what they’re producing, what they’re making. I wrote a paper about this same principle of operant conditioning in relation to the education system, and I opposed it there too, receiving a 100. I don’t have personal-gain biases against it. I flourished in school. I think it’s ineffective. And so is the way we’re doing work. That is, the way we’re spending our hours, getting money, spending money, etc. We need first of all to learn to quantify value to some standard so that we can quantify some standard of labor hours to product ratio, so that we can then determine which kinds of work are more useful than other kinds, which kinds we should improve, and which kinds we should tell people: this is valuable work. Currency isn’t doing that accurately because it’s all based on what people are willing to pay, and that’s completely subjective. There’s no actual intrinsic value associated with a product in regards to its usefulness. Sales men, business men, all kinds of people are really good at making something appear more valuable than it is. This causes value distortions and that makes some professions seem more valuable than they are, and people need to know how valuable their work is. We need to be able to evaluate that objectively in terms of what we’re producing. Arbitrary things like ideas, or intangible things like services are harder to weigh against goods on a scale, but there has got to be a way to do it. I’m going to think about that during my free time (if ever I come to some). The reason I want accurate evaluations is not for reasons of trade: “Hey, I make pants, all you make is hats. That’s not a fair trade!” but for reasons people being able to make informed decisions about how their time will be most effectively used.
“Well then you’d have to evaluate literally millions of professions.” Impracticality is never a reason to veto an idea that has the potential to revolutionize the world and end world hunger. Impossibility is worth considering. Impracticality is not. Everything should be done with as much math as possible. As much objectivity and and defined standards as possible. String theory is an attempt to put all the laws of science into a single string of equations (or rather, a single-string equation). Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. Rules simplify the inputs that go into them. We can’t let value be subjective or the usefulness of our time will be nebulous and we’ll make unwise decisions.

The wisest decisions we can make are those decisions which produce a product that lasts forever. There’s 4 catigories of things to spend your money on: things that last a few hours, things that last a few years, things that last a lifetime, and things that last for eternity. Each of those things becomes more valuable as it moves up the list. A car is worth more than a piece of candy. An education is worth more than a car. Saving a soul from eternal anguish is worth more than an education. If we want to be wise with our time, we will recognize the most useful thing we can do, the highest labor-hour to product ratio is things that we do that the product is eternal, because then we’re plugging a value of “infinite” into the numerator. Let’s learn to discern the will of God and do it. That’s the most valuable thing you can do. I’ll save you lifetimes of trouble and summarize it: “Only one life, twill soon be past / Only what’s done for Christ will last.” None of us should get so caught up with saving the world from hunger that we neglect to save them from eternal hunger. If we give them water, they will thirst again. If we give them living water, they will be quenched forever. What’s more valuable? “Thy Kingdom come on earth as it is in heaven.” The Kingdom is a people. Every Kingdom is. We are the Kingdom of God, and it’s his ambition for us to love here the way we will live there. Do we become so heavenly minded that we’re earthly useless? We become so heavenly minded that we’re earthly amazing. We have to get that right. We can’t spend so much time reading the Bible that we never have time to do what’s it’s telling us. Part of what it tells us is to take care of the needy as if it were Christ. Are we going to say to Jesus if we saw him naked and hungry, “If you will not work, neither shall you eat!” Or, “Be fed, and be warm,” and do nothing? I don’t know about oyu, but I would make haste to feed him and clothe him. Why aren’t we running to third world countries to do it for them? Jesus said whatever you do for them, you did for me. I believe that. We should all believe that. But none of us live like we believe it. It’s time to change that. (And in your heart you’re going, “Yeah! Woohoo!” but when I give you practical steps to take, you’re heart drops a little, because you’ve been convicted, and you don’t want to live by it.)
I think a fairly practical standard to weigh labor hours against is a modified version of Maslow’s hierarchy, nested with a function of Kent Hovind’s categories of value against time.

People like Elon Musk, Derek Muller, Kahn; these are our future. A future where education portal is free and accessible and provided to everybody so that they have the means to increase the value of their labor hours by increasing their knowledge and skill.