---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Jan 26, 2022, 6:12 PM
---

- [ ] [Prepaid Parking](https://onlineparking.dfwairport.com/en/)
- [ ] Conversation Ideas
- [ ] Find Pharmacy
- [ ] List of things to do, places to go, things to see
- [ ] Schedule
- [ ] Clean house
- [ ] Accommodations
- [ ] Show her around, make it a good experience
- [ ] Prepare sermons to listen to
- [ ] Psalms and Hymns to singped p

Vomit Rainbow in Dallas

DFW Airport > Reunion Tower > Galleria
DFW Airport  > Dinner with Familer > Chef, Video Games

Uday said that he says Yes deer, and Carol said if her husband said that she would slap him in the face. What kind of woman are you?

Stacey has curly hair and washes it once or twice a week. She goes for taller guys. Kritika goes for someone 4 inches taller than her.

Carol calls me Pirate Daddy.

Arjun is the same height and jokingly pushed me when I said it.

Do girls like shy guys? I used to be shy until I got desensitized, and it worries me because I had more empathy when I was shy, and I would rather be good than popular. I need you to be my checks and balances. I need you to remind me of who I want to be sometimes.

Kritika said Stacey is hitting on me.
Julissa told me if I find her number in a group that she will hangout with me, and ot starts with 469.

We have to put God first in our lives. We give 10% of our income, and he blesses us. We can do more on 90% of ourr money with his blessing than 100% without. And if we give 1 day a week to him, we will bless our time. He can do more. The Lord is able to give us much more than this.

Look down your top and spell attic.
