---
dg-publish: true
---

# Ideas

- Six Flags
- Castle

# Journal

I met **Ana Karen** for the first time. We went to eat at Casa De Tonio, and then a taco place near Mariana. I stayed at City Express hotel nearby, where we had sex twice. We also had sex in her apartment when Lety was out, cleaning other rooms. She wore the blue swim suit I got her.

We went shopping at **Liverpool**, ate at the **Cheesecake Factory**, and had a good time. This is where I discovered the Cheese Burger Spring Rolls. A man started to choke at the restaurant and his mom was screaming. A crowd surrounded him while Mariana tried to listen to what happened.

We bought a cup for her friend at the **Starbucks** in the mall while it was raining. That's when I was doing research on [[Face Analysis]].

We also saw **The Little Mermaid** the first night, but we were both so tired we fell asleep in the theatre.

When I first met her at the airport, I had set myself in a frame of mind to take myself more seriously. Stacey didn't like some of my jokes at the happy hour the week before, and I was tired of my immature puppy-like energy and attitude all the time. I commanded my tonality and spoke loudly but seriously, and as soon as I began speaking, Mariana smiled with a sparkle in her eye and said, " Aw I miss you! That voice." I told her the news of **Brandon Benham being fired** after 30 years of being a valuable member of the team. As long as I keep a **serious frame**, Mariana finds it easier to be attracted to me.