---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: May 12, 2023, 3:08 PM
---

I want to  enter into days of rest again, when we would walk outside and be painted with the sunshine’s color. We weren’t worried in those days, because we didn’t believe the lie that we need to take care of ourselves. Then we grew up and became easier to deceive, because we trusted less in our Provider and more in our accuser. There is a voice of fear that we started listening to. But there is a stronger voice of protection, and I want to cling to the stronger voice again. Let the light touch my skin in the afternoon. I don’t need my face to be in front of plasma to earn my bread.

Mariana is overwhelmed. She feels pressure on every side, from me, from her work, from Lety, from the cares of this life that burden her. A dead boyfriend, a stolen car, a crashed car, a negligent car agency that lost her keys. She spends her life making everyone else happy, but now Lord, she needs to be happy. Her face is covered in tears of despair. Her heart is empty without reason to live. She has lost her luster for life, having nothing that she wants. It’s a lonely feeling, and a hopeless emotion when you’ve lost all desire.

Give her desires for the Lord, dear Father. I love her. She is a blank canvas the Satan will use to draw his deceptions on if she is not covered with the beautiful painting of God’s love. He will take her vacancy of desire and fill it with the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the boastful pride of life if she is not first filled with a hunger for righteousness. Stir up her heart to seek you, Father. I pray desperately because I care strongly. I don’t want her to be satisfied with mud pies in the sewer when the ocean is available for her. Teach me to desire God. It’s no longer just me that is effected by my walk. It’s her. She won’t walk after the Spirit if she doesn’t see that modeled by me.

I was a fool making every opportunity to ask for her naked body, and her open legs. I was captivated by the beauty of her skin, combined with the depth of her soul written in her eyes, and every expression that radiates the inner beauty of her kindness. She is more beautiful than any other woman on this earth. She has been through hardship which has built her character into an edifice of glory. She let difficult times develop her empathy for others going through the same things. She reaches out a hand. She lends herself to those in need. She’s the friend to others that she needed when she was struggling. Knowing all of her purity, her innocence, and her depth, combined with the strength of her urge and playfulness makes her sex appeal irresistible to me. If there was a woman who possessed her shell without her spirit, I would find it perfectly easy to resist her. But when everything in my body and soul is completely in love with Mariana, I find myself powerless to prevent myself from knowing her in the deepest way I can manage. And for this cause, we go to the marriage bed unmarried.

For this reason, I have forsaken the paths of righteousness and led her into the depths of despair. The way our feet have trodden leads to death, and worse: death of desire. She is without excitement because I have stripped away her purity. I have taken from her the only chance she has to be truly happy. I have burned her spiritual tastebuds to taste and see that the Lord is good. And now she can taste nothing at all in her spirit, because the hot passions of fornication were too difficult for me to overcome. Therefore she has lost her desire.

Lord, I don’t know what to say. I’m ashamed to even speak anything after I’ve followed Balaam. Not into doctrine but into practice. Be gracious to me according to the greatness of your compassion. Blot out my transgressions, and wash me from my iniquity. Let us taste the light of your glory, both myself and Mariana. Regrow our taste for you, and give us delight in the Lord. Put it in our hearts to love you with all that is within us. Amen.