---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: May 15, 2024, 6:26 PM
tags: [jobhunt, enemylove, forgiveness]
---

I need to write about this. I was fired for writing funny comments in the code, and Stacey was a complete hypocrite in letting me go. She told me that she herself used to hide easter eggs in the code. She was used profane language in my presence and created an atmosphere of personability in T&R. I thought I was safe there, but she targeted me for something minor and made it a big deal. She blew it way out of proportion, and opened an investigation into me when all she had to do was tell me, "Stop doing that." I would have said, "Yes ma'am," and that would have been the end of it. I'm not stubborn about hiding easter eggs. I did it to make people chuckle and brighten the work environment. And she accused me of "targeting" individuals for writing in readme files that they were godly, or from Ethiopia, or got saved in 2016. That's spreading positivity and making people feel seen. That's not targeting people. Targeting someone is when you single them out for writing comments in the code, perform weekly "chats" about course correction, make him produce a list of every easter egg hidden, and issue apologies to everyone involved, leading up to getting fired for it. That's targeting someone. You are guilty of the behavior you fired me for, while I am innocent. God will judge. And let judgment come swiftly.

Stacey, you are a hypocrite and unworthy to be in the lofty position you snatched for yourself. You are untrusted by those you lord over, and have not the respect of the seniors under your foot. You have driven the most talented from among us and fired those of us who remained. Ryan, Travis, and Rob all left. Rubens, Joel, and Vikas after them. And if that wasn't enough, you fired Brandon Benham without cause, and attempted the same with Joshua Chick. The one had an open HR case against you for offending him, and the latter was moved to a different team when you attempted to fire him, because HR protected him from your lies. Finally you came after me, and I rejoice that I'm no longer in your team, suffocating from your toxic leadership.

I've seen great leaders. Tim Rayburn. Bill Graham. Victoria Major. Ben White. I've worked under people who inspired those they managed, who lead with grace and trust. You are not a leader, but an overlord, and with twisted ethics. Judgment will claim you when you face the everlasting God, and as strict as you were with me, how I could not answer myself under your scrutiny, your mouth will be even more silent before the judge of the universe.

> [!bible] [Romans 3:19 - KJV](https://bible-api.com/Romans+3:19?translation=kjv)
> 19. Now we know that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God.

God will deal with me as a son, and with you as a judge. Nevertheless I hope you escape it, if it is possible. If your mind still has the capacity to repent from your self-trusting, rich, complacence, then I hope you learn the truth. If you are not reprobate, than I hope you become born again. If you are not the enemy of God, than I will not cry out against you for being my own enemy. God himself will see injustice. God himself will repay without my prayers. And he who sees the hearts of them which men cannot peek into, he will judge righteous judgment, acquitting the innocent and condemning the guilty.

As for me I forgive you and let revenge go from between my eye brows. My face will be turned on high, away from the problems that are already past. It is a sin for the sun to go down upon my wrath. Let wrath be settled, and this letter the end of my grievances. You are free from my anger. Now, before it is too late, be free from God's.

[The Realness Of God To Us – John Piper Sermon Jam](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meHnFeDcDOc&list=PLd8VdbWP8YWsxX9aJJs9mXrxieFg5eBTf&index=47)