---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Friday, Apr 28, 2023, 1:03 PM
tags: [journal, delusions]
---

# Cassia

I think the reason I’m sick is because God saw my heart to sleep with his daughters, and he said, “No. You’re not using your charms to take away their virginity.” Cassia is here this week. She is the girl that Gill was trying ti date, and she rejected him when we flew to Phoenix. But she laughs enthusiastically at my jokes. I noticed her ending up in my groups. First she approached me to ask for the Wi-Fi password, then at the pool, then in the van, soul-winning, at the house. She abandoned her group to be with mine. It was likely due to my group being full of young women. Lucy, Linda, Faith, Aaliyah. But still based on other factors, I believe she likes me. I am not unwilling to admit, however, that I tend to believe most women like me.

# Nguyen

I just met Nguyen at the picnic last Wednesday and I’m sure she likes me. She kept glancing at me, and when I want to play soccer she was watching me. She laughed at everything I said when I went to play cornhole with her.

# Tori

Tori came to visit Dallas on Tuesday excited to meet me, and was disappointed when I wasn’t there. She has seen me be a powerful voice in Dev Forum. I’m good friends with everyone in T&R, including the managers and especially our Principle Senior Architect, getting high praise from all of them. That has afforded me a lot of opportunities to lead meetings and discussions, but I have a reputation of being lighthearted and fun. When she was in my Cucumber class she scored 100 all four weeks, and seeing me pair up 70 developers for the final week, and everyone respond probably gave her an impression about me that I’m a leader, which is an attractive quality to women. Her messages to me are full of exclamation marks, but to Bibhor they are not so enthusiastic.

# Andrea

Andrea is shy, but when I asked her to go to lunch with me she said yes and followed me immediately. When Hamza asked her to go to lunch, she told him that she had a boyfriend. But still she talks to me all the time, and flirts with me, and gossips with me. And she asked Bilal if I could be her mentor. I’m not sure about her because she has a boyfriend, but I find it curious that she went to lunch with me and not with Hamza. Every week for out 30 minute meeting we often just talk about whatever we feel like, but she likes to dim the lights in the room we go to. And every week on the days we meet she dresses up with makeup and wears something special. She doesn’t normally do that otherwise. So why when she meets with me? Maybe she’s just being professional, but I have the suspicion she likes me.

# Bri

I took Bri to a movie back when she was on my team because my manager gave me a mission to get her talking more. I found out what she likes (horror) so the best I could do was Venom. She insisted that did not count and we had to watch something scarier. Again, she also laughs at most everything I say. When she broke up with Shodu she said she would probably never get married, and I said she needs someone to fill the empty hole her her life. She said she did not have an empty hole, to which I responded, “You have at least two empty holes chica,” and she covered her mouth laughing. And fake turned around. When she introduced me to Nathan she gave me a very nice compliment so I said, “Awww” and came in for a hug, to which she responded, “No,” and I said, “You’re single now, it doesn’t matter,” as she hugged me. Then she said, “You have a girlfriend!” To which I responded, “I do have a girlfriend,” and looked at Nathan, “She’s very beautiful.” She laughed and turned around. Later she pulled me in for a picture as if she owned me. She was a little drunk. I know that she grew up Christian because I showed her a video of Malcom’s daughters doing the, “This is the church, this is the steeple, open it up, and here are all the people,” hand motions, and she saw those two back girls and said, “Awww! I learned that when I was little!” She thinks of me as a pure person and I can tell she likes that. She likes that I have a strong compass, and she gravitates to me when we’re in a group. Maybe it’s because she was so quiet at first, and I was the one always standing up for her and turning it around into a virtue. I helped get her out of her shell, so maybe she just feels comfortable around me because I used to be very shy, so I know what she probably doesn’t like hearing, and how to include her. I felt like an outsider growing up in elementary school, and that instinctively taught me to notice when people are alone and how to get them talking. They truly have so much to say. You just have to know how to start the conversation and how to really listen to them. So I gained social skills over the years and I use them to be an includer and to make people feel comfortable. She met my friends by osmosis, and now she’s a different person at the office. But Incan tell by the way she treats me that she has a special admiration for me and thinks that Mariana is lucky.

# Kritika

Kritika always says, “I want someone to love me as much as he loves Mariana.” She used to stay late after work to talk to me, and would open up about a lot of her life. Eventually she wanted to visit my church, somewhat to meet other guys like me. She was so impressed that I was a good Christian waiting until marriage, and the quality of my romance towards Mariana made her want something similar. Obviously she’s not my type, but if I broke up with Mariana I think she would date me too.

# Julissa

So maybe I’m off base here, and I just tend to assume girls like me, but to me it really seems that way. Faith didn’t believe me until Julissa’s little brother told Faith something Julissa said about me, and Faith was like, “Okay, she definitely likes him.” And she saw the ways girls would interact with me out soul-winning. I asked out every pretty girl I won to the Lord, and unless she had a boyfriend she almost always said yes. Because there are only two things necessary for a girl to want to spend time with you: you have to make her trust you, and you have to make her laugh. The way I present the gospel accomplishes both of those. They always laugh, and they instinctively trust me. Plus I’m teaching them something which establishes leadership, which is attractive to them. They would hug me after praying, or touch me and laugh when I said a joke. It was so easy to date those girls.

## College Girls

At college my friends used to say, “That girl back there is totally checking you out.” When my back was turned. Deborah used to say the same thing when we went to malls. Maybe it was the way I talked. I don’t know why, but there is something about me that seems to instinctively attract girls to me. I met a Muslim girl at the bank who was flirting after I commented on her ring. She gave me her number. I think the cheat code is just to notice something about them or to listen to them. When a girl feels noticed, like you’re paying attention to her, she automatically wants to be around you. Or maybe it’s my blue eyes. The pharmacy girl told me I had the most beautiful blue eyes. They say blue eyes make people trust you.

## My Qualities

The family I grew up in made me naturally good with kids. I learned how to play with my baby sister king after I outgrew a child’s imagination. Playing with kids is second nature to me. I will catch things most people won’t. I know when to protect them and when to tease them, and how to play with them, but most importantly how to listen to them and treat them like a person. I notice girls notice that about me, and it immediately gives them a certain feeling about me. So because children will run up to me, “Hey Ethan!” And I just talk to them normally, kids do me favors by giving girls a good impression about me.

At the end of the day I have no real evidence that girls like me for these reasons, but based on my intuition I believe these are the things. When coming home from Phoenix after Gill got rejected by Cassia, I met a girl from El Salvador named Abigail that lived in Dallas. I was just friendly with her, asking my normal questions, and ended up with a date to take her to six flags. She was afraid of roller coasters but I told her she had to try it. I ended up breaking the date because Mariana said yes to date me right after that, but when I offered a friend to replace me she said she accepted to go out with me because I talked to her and she thought I was amazing, so she wasn’t interested in my friends.

# Jessica

I also met a girl named Jessica at an airport going to Brownsville. I used an old trick from college, “Hey can you watch my stuff while I go to the restroom?” It automatically makes people trust you when you trust them, so asking for a favor is a great way to break the ice with a girl. By the time Pastor Shelley showed up conversation was flowing, and Pastor asked if she was coming in the mission trip. When she left, Pastor asked me how I knew her, so I told him I just met her, and he was like, “Nice!” Then at dinner he teased me about my girlfriend. I also met a girl from Scotland in my way back from London. She gave me her Instagram and said if I’m ever in Scotland I can stay with her and she’ll show me around. Hamza was there, which is good for my image. It’s nice when you do well with ladies in front of the guys.

# Sarah

I also met Sarah in Saint Thomas who asked me to break up with Mariana to be with her. She said that she liked talking to me and felt a connection, but it wasn’t right to keep talking while I was in a relationship. Pretty much everywhere I go I feel like girls like me without even trying. Eventually I’m sure that won’t be the case, but I would like to figure out why so that I can teach my sons. Every time we have a Friday night dinner at Carol’s, German makes a comment about my charisma. He said he wouldn’t trust me around his girlfriend, and I told him if we were in a jungle running away from a tiger, I would stay back with him and fight the tiger and die rather than outrun him and leave him for dead. Maybe that’s the simple answer. I’m charismatic. Even people at the office say my Senior Manager Stacey flirts with me. But I would like to think it’s something deeper than charisma. When I was soul-winning one time, a man named Terrence told me he normally doesn’t let just anybody talk to him, but there was something about me that made him want to talk. And he was glad he did. Brandon Benham says that call me Mr. Muy Suave at the office. Maybe it is just simple charisma. If it is, it definitely didn’t come naturally. Considering how shy I was as a child. 

## People immediately feel they can trust me

Whatever the case is, I’m happy that people immediately feel they can trust me. It’s helpful when I’m soul winning. When I preached for a school I made a little bit of small talk with the teacher beforehand, and she told the class to “Applaud for Ethan” at the end. Whatever God blessed me with, I want to use it for his kingdom. There’s only one girl I can use whatever this quality is on anyway. But soul-winning I can use it over and over again.

At the end of the day, does Cassia like me? I don’t know, but based on my history with women that give those signs, I’m willing to bet she would go out with me. To be very honest I think Lucy would too. Geoffrey told me she talked about me on their date. She said, “I’m surprised Ethan is single.” I’m sure she never meant for that to get back to me. She had no way of knowing Geoffrey was staying with me that weekend.

# Lucy

Lucy is an incredible girl. It’s so rare for a girl to be serving the Lord going soul-winning with no man leading her. She’s following God. Pastor Shelley said there are 20 glaringly guys coming to our church, but how many Lucy’s are there? Less than 1 in a thousand. Maybe I’m being a little presumptuous to say she would go out with me, but my intuition tells me she would.  I don’t think I’m special, but I’ve noticed other people do. 