---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Jun 8, 2023, 10:41 AM
tags: [journal]
---

I've given up too much. I'm driven to say, "I love you baby," all day long, while she is occupied working. If I pour my heart into her soul she will become water poisoned. I have more affection to give than she has the capacity to drink. I wasn't made to pour all my affection on her. I was made to pour it on God. I was made to have a vibrant prayer life, and I sacrificed that for fornication. I was made to ask counsel of God, and I sacrificed that for an extra $800 in tithes each month. I was made to be patient to all men, and I sacrificed that by sacrificing my walk with God for Mariana. She never asked me to give up God. It was my own lusts that burn hot for her every time her hand is in mine. She would have waited with me. She would have given up sex, and she still would. She doesn't want to, but she would. So my carnal mind found a way to think of myself as selfless by having sex with her to justify my sin, but if I satiate my sexual burning, my conscience burns hotter. I am guilty before God, and that prevents me from praying all the day. And when I am as Adam, hiding from God, my affections have no place to go to in prayer. Then I either put them on Mariana and intoxicate her, or contain them in my reigns until they would burst open. I need a prayer life. I need to be righteous. I need to set myself at the Lord's right hand again. He is my Father. I am his son. There is a way back for me if I only choose to give up my love of this world, and the lusts thereof. The lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the boastful pride of life. I need scripture. I need repentance. I need clarity. I need to change.