---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Monday, Jan 21, 2019, 10:16 PM
tags: [journal]
---

I really like William Lane Craig, and I think the new ifb is silly to call in the heretic Because he believes that Genesis 1 is poetic enough to be interpreted as though creation occurred 13.6 billion years ago. When we dismiss somebody's Faith because of something that is not related to soteriology, I'm astonished by it. People want to dismiss John Piper because of his Calvinism, and that doesn't account for his positions about how person get saved. They don't ask what gospel that you have, they ask what doctrines you have. That's silly and it's out of step with biblical wisdom. Of course William Lane Craig is saved. You believe the gospel. And John Piper does too. And some people like Francis Chan might even be safe, because I believe the gospel. They believe on the name of Jesus Christ. Christianity isn't this narrow so as to only belong to 6,000 churches in America. Certainly most Christians are not true believers, but that's because I have salvation wrong, not because they have minor doctrines different anyway ifb. We're just splitting hairs at this point. You don't need to be 95% identical to the new ifb in order to be safe. You just need to have five things right. Number one, you're a sinner, number two, you deserve hell, number three, Christ bore our sins on the cross, number four, salvation is a free gift, number five, eternal life lasts forever.

The new ifb are the hardest workers that I know of, and they are the most practical people that I know, but there are not the brightest debaters. The most articulate people. They aren't the wisest in the world. Nevertheless day as a strong passion the things of God, and they have their priorities right, they have their interest right, and they take the Bible seriously, and they all live like the Bible is true. And I will gladly take that over the wisdom the popular Christianity any day of the week. My talk transalpine 95% with the new ifb. I don't believe in moderate drinking. I do believe them then SSD of the proposition of eternal security and a person soteriology to be saved. I do not believe that using big words to describe theological Concepts is a wrong thing to do. How it does happen to be that people who use Simple language are easier to understand. And people even sell more intelligent when they use easier words, so I can preaching it is best to use feyman's Rule and avoid theological words. I don't believe it's wrong to go back to the creek. I do believe that 95% of the time it's a sham when people go back to the Greek. I do believe that there are people who don't speak Greek who go back to the creek and end up causing more confusion than shutting light. I do believe that the King James Bible is the perfect word of God. I don't believe that every language as the perfect word of God. I do believe that people who say that repentance is a necessary condition for salvation or unsaved. I do not believe that people who say repentance is the Inseparable result of Salvation are unsaved. I do believe the people who just reject the word of God are not of God. I do not believe that people who are confused on a lot of doctrines and believe a lot of wrong things are necessarily unsaved.  I do believe that fornicators should be kicked out of the church. I do believe the false prophets should be named, marked, and avoided. I do not believe that the accusation Steven Anderson presented against Jeff Durbin were sufficient to Warrant his conclusions, and therefore were railing accusations. I do believe that the New IFB is not diligent in making sure their evidence is Rock Solid before they accuse people being unsaved false prophets. I do believe that preaching should be hard, and preachers should pound their pulpit and lift up their voice like a trumpet to declare unto God's people their sins. I do believe that we should mainly stick to the old hymns and Psalms. I do believe that there's a lot of queer sounding music in the CCM industry. I do not believe that all the songs in the CCM movement are to be avoided. I like awesome God. I like the Days of Elijah. I like Victory chant. I like a lot of songs from contemporary music.

I could go on naming things that I believe and things that I don't believe, but you can see the basic picture here that I am Between Worlds. I'm an imposter in Northlake because I'm too conservative for them, and I'm an imposter at Stedfast because I'm too liberal for them. Any and all I can do is my best to preserve in the Bible.