After service today we sang our final song, and I was talking with Jared. At some point I glanced a few rows to the left and saw Lucy looking at me. But instead of greeting me, she immediately looked away as if a college girl looking away from her crush in the library. “I’m dating Samual now, don’t look at Ethan!”

Maybe she is second guessing herself. “I like Samual, but Ethan is so level headed and sensible. Everything he says is so down to earth. He really listens and offers good advice. And he’s so good with kids.” I’m imagining that’s the kind of things she thinks that prompt those glances.

I could be way off base, and it makes no difference to me if I am, but that is what I see in her. I’m almost certain she has had a crush on me in the past. She mentioned me on her date with Jeffrey saying she was surprised I was single. She looked at me like I was special when I was talking to her best friend’s child. We always have great talks on mission trips. She likes that I travel. Nick suspected she liked me against his own desires for her. Mrs Guzman said she had a picture of the two of us in Bahamas and could see chemistry there. She said she wasn’t attracted to Nick, but that I should date her. When I said I’m already dating Mariana, Lucy started dating Samuel.

I like Lucy and I want to see her happy. It’s obviously too late not for me and her to have anything, especially with my obligations to Mariana. But I would like to be a couple friends. I want to make sure Samual has influences in his life that keep his head on straight. I want to look out for her and make sure all of Samual’s friends aren’t yes men who never tell him to see things from her perspective. That’s important for men. It’s hard for us to lose our dignity to women, but when another man tells us we ought to consider her, it feels more acceptable.

