---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Dec 26, 2018, 4:26 PM
tage: [sanctification, speech]
---

God, I don't know what to do; I don't know how to pray. But I promise, God, I will lose sleep until you grant this request. Make me fully devoted to you. God, give me a heart for you. You say if anyone lacks wisdom, let him ask God and he will give graciously. God, I lack wisdom. I do. Tell me what you want me to do. Confess that I sinned to Anna? Apologize to her? It's done. I'll do it. Write a letter to her? I'll do it. Say, "Anna, I was wrong. I shouldn't have called you a captious prick. That was rude of me. The Bible says, "Let no unwholesome word proceed from your mouth, but only such as is good for edification, according to the need of the moment so that it will minister grace unto them that hear," and I wasn't ministering grace to you. I'm sorry. I was hurt, I was being sensitive, and the Bible says, "Great peace have they which love thy law, and nothing shall offend them," and I was offended when you repeated my words in a way that made me feel like you were characterizing it as contemptuously stupid. I didn't know that you were confused. Confusion uses an upwards intonation and you used a downward intonation with raised volume and a hesitation over the words you were emphasizing. It wasn't as though you were confused about what I said, it was just that you blatantly disagreed with it, and found it to be obviously incorrect, and it was obviously incorrect, but it was an error of the tongue. I misspoke and I felt like you were capitalizing on that. It didn't seem to me that you were genuinely confused. I didn't realize that, and if I had realized that I wouldn't have said what I said. But to me I felt attacked, I felt like I was being mocked, and I felt like the way you were emphasizing the words meant that you knew it was really silly, and you paused the meaning of my conversation to attack some minor mistakes that I made in presenting my idea, and you treated my idea as though it were brainless and silly and ridiculous and absurd. And so I felt offended, and I shouldn't have felt offended in the first place, because if I had enough love for God's law I wouldn't have been offended. "Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on thee, because he trusts in thee." If I trusted God, if my mind was stayed on God, I wouldn't have let it bother me. Jesus Christ did not revile in return when he was reviled, but entrusted himself unto God. I wasn't entrusting unto God my cause. I wasn't entrusting unto God that he would see how I've been hurt, he would see how I've been mistreated; I should have just entrusted it unto God and said, "I'm not going to respond. I'm not going to revile her back," and I did. That was a mistake, and I'm sorry.