---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Mar 09, 2024, 11:58 PM
---

Mariana and I had an argument one day on the way back from the Airport. I didn't like how she was immediately criticizing me for every small thing; the materials in my center car console, licking my fingers at Lushaj's during lunch, etc. She insisted she wasn't' showing disrespect, and I wasn't feeling heard by her. I had seen a lot of videos about women disregarding men, disrespecting them, and how it's men's fault for tolerating it. So I aroused anger within myself and yelled at her, "Yes you were! You were disrespecting me." My raised voice scared her and she became silent. She almost told me to drop her back off at the airport.

Later we arrived home. She went into the bedroom and I went to the couch to work. 2 hours passed and neither of us said a word. I finally finished work and decided to clean the floors, but just then I saw her peeking around the corner wearing Calvin Klein pajamas. She signaled for me to come to her, and I said, "I'm going to mop the floors." "Just for a little bit?" She said. So I went into the bed with her and cuddled awhile. She rolled over slightly on top of me and we kissed. We made out for several minutes and she began to be confused why I wasn't initiating anything. My hands were around her back. I wasn't grabbing her butt, I wasn't taker her dress off. Nothing. She asked me, "Is everything okay?" "Yes. Is everything okay for you?" I responded. "Just wondering..." She said. "I feel like you're offering this to me to make things better," I said. She thought for a second and said sweetly, "I'm offering this because I want it."

We continued kissing and I still wasn't making a move, and in a little while she pressed me harder to find out why. "Can I tell you the truth?" I asked. "Of course," She said. "I saw a TikTok video of a psychologist lady saying there is only 1 thing women want. A man they can't manipulate." She had a puzzled look in disagreement. I continued, "If I have my principles, and you want to do something that breaks them and I say no, but you offer sex to me and I allow it, you have successfully manipulated me. But **what that shows is that I have no integrity**. If I was going to compromise on my principles, it should have been because I was considering you, not because I get something out of it. **It shows that I'm selfish**." She nodded her head and agreed with that. "So part of me wants to show you that I don't need it, so that I can be somebody worthy of respect. That I can't be manipulated by greed or selfishness, and when I compromise for you it's going to be *for you*, not for me." "That makes sense." She said. "But can you do that not when we've been apart from each other for a month?"

"I'm really not in the mood," I said. "Think of it like a shower before you go to bed. Maybe you don't feel like it but it's something you do and you feel better afterwards," she said. The analogy confused me so I decided to go along with it. She took my face and I rolled sideways to meet her, making out to warm things up. In a few seconds she paused and said, "Wait. Don't do this if you don't want it." "What?" "Do you actually want it?" I wasn't sure how to answer her question without making her feel undesirable. My heart felt sunken, damaged, and I really didn't want to do it right then. But there have been times she wasn't in the mood and I always believed even if you're not in the mood you should give your partner what they need because a hungry soul will find food somewhere else if there's nothing to eat at home. I didn't want to deprive her of her needs if she needed it, but I sincerely didn't feel like it, so i said, "If I'm being honest babe, I'm not in the mood right now. But 1 Corinthians 7 still stands, so if you need it I'm here." She rolled back away in disappointment with a sigh.

We talked for awhile resolving the argument from before. I explained what was on my heart, she explained what was on her heart, and after we were done she brought her body up sitting on top of me in a cowgirl position. "Okay, we can do it." She said, referring to our new agreement that we would do what we can to make each other look good in public, her by never criticizing me in front of others, and my part pending since she didn't know what I could do to make her look good, except sunglasses off my head. "Can we do it now?" She asked. Feeling much better about the situation, I agreed, and we had makeup sex.

# Lessons

1. I am not manipulated, bribed, or otherwise incentivized to compromise my principles for selfish gratification or gain.
2. I do everything in my power to elevate the status of my cherished companion in public. What I wear, how I act, and how I speak should show that I am a high value person who has high respect for my spouse, affirming both their worth and our bond.