---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Jun 14, 2023, 8:46 PM
---

Father, teach me to be righteous. I'm going to miss my parent's house. I'm going to miss the times in high school and college when I would wash the dishes while watching a TV show. Eventually it morphed into watching sermons instead. Every lunch time I turned on Pastor Anderson. My mother didn't like him, my sisters were appalled. It didn't matter to me. I was hungry for knowledge. I was hungry for the word of God and for righteousness. I was hungry to know you. Against all resistance it didn't matter. I wasn't in it to gain somebody's approval. I was in it to gain righteousness and relationship.

We had a passthrough from the sink to the TV. ==It allowed me to cook while watching sermons==, empty the dish washer, and do the dishes. I loved being close to all the action. I'm worried that the house at Oakmore won't lend itself to that utilization of multitasking. The kitchen is away from the living room. I could add a speaker. I could try to sink a screen with the main room. Or maybe it will be better separate. Mariana doesn't seem to care. I ran into the trouble of not being able to watch a sermon if my dad or someone was watching TV during the time I scheduled to do the dishes. That was frustrating. Perhaps this will create a positive separation between the living room and the kitchen. It will still be open, but separate.

I haven't asked much for counsel about this house. ==I pray you would guide me to the decision that will bring you the most glory==. If by this house I learn to take responsibility, and it allows for a space to give hospitality to the saints, and to partake in the divine Spirit more fully, then allow me this grace. And if it results in more sin, and the freedom causes damage to my walk with God, then withhold it. My finances don't matter. Everything I own belongs to you. I'm ashamed I've withheld my tithe this long. At first it was because the protestors shut down the online giving. But now it's because I'm greedy, and losing another $800 each month is hard to swallow when I'm so used to spending it. I need to readjust. If I spend the money and lose Christ I have lost. And if I lose the money and gain Christ I count it gain. The money was given to me by you in the first place. I have no delusions about that. My job was given to me by grace. I was so thankful. I still am.

