---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Dec 21, 2023, 11:47 PM
---

In order to be really structured you have to be good at juggling multiple things. The trade off is focus. I get hyper-focused on one task and devote all of my attention and time to it. If I'm researching drywall techniques in preparation for a project, I'm going to be on my laptop until I fall asleep. I'm not going to stop to clean my room, and learn Spanish, and practice singing on Youcision. A structured person would stop the eminent task to complete the other tasks he has for the day. Whereas I want to [[Coming In Late#Ride Inspiration Until It Ends|ride inspiration until it dies]] and avoid interrupting the momentum I've built up. There are a certain number of ideas in my head and if I stop my current task to complete other tasks, those ideas will disappear. I'll lose them and forget them, and the loss aversion prevents me from being a structured person.

It would be bad if all people were like me, but I think it's necessary for some people to be like me. There should be a balance of people bringing in different strengths to the team to make one well rounded unit. Someone to provide structure, someone to provide analysis, someone to provide social interactions, someone to provide conceptual vision. Yes I will come to work late, but that's okay. Structure isn't what I bring to the table. What I bring to the table is a level of deep analysis that Shari who comes on time could never achieve. To fire Ethan for coming in late and amassing to your company an assortment of people who all come on time is to deflect from your company an essential component of the team. You're going to lose out on people who are strong at doing what I do, hyper-focusing on one issue to analyze the heck out of it, if everyone on the team comes on time. Because the people who are good at what I do don't come on time. We're chasing shower thoughts. We're sleeping in because last night we were up late hyper-focusing on drywall. And it's totally understandable that a leader wants people to come on time, but you're filtering out the best thinkers by doing so.

In summery I'm not convinced my lack of structure is something I need to improve, because by necessity I will have to sacrifice my other virtues, which may be more valuable to me than structure. There's value in both, and I'm inclined to keep bringing what I'm naturally gifted at instead of manufacturing a personality trait that I have to fight against my nature to obtain.

This plays out at my job all the time. Today Antonio messaged me about an error in ROL automation. He had been working for days on it. So I read the message, and I focused it. I notice most people read a stack trace and miss a ton of the information in it. But I don't let things breeze by my mind without understanding it. I HAVE to understand what it means, so I catch things that other people miss. And because of that hyper-focusing, I figured out in 5 minutes what was wrong. In another 10 minutes, he fixed the problem and encountered a different error. He sent that to me and I told him what was wrong again. Then a third time. And in 40 minutes his code was compiling. I figured out in 40 minutes what took another developer (and a good one at that) 3 days without progress. But Antonio is always on time. So if the company wants to gather to itself an army of Antonio's and fire all the Ethan's they're going to miss out on people who don't let anything get past them in an error message. We are fantastic for troubleshooting and fantastic for innovation. Antonio is fantastic for agile ceremonies, and organizing work in the backlog, and handling meetings, and dealing with people. We have different strengths, and a good company plays to people's strengths.