---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Jul 19, 2019, 11:36 AM
tags: [television]
---

Would you watch Harry Potter in Heaven? Be honest with your answer to that question. Because if you say no, as far as I can tell that's admitting that watching Harry Potter is walking in the flesh. Why wouldn't it be in heaven? Better question: if heaven is in you, why would you be watching it?

People struggle with this hard core because TV and fiction tell really amazing stories, and they have so much redeeming value that we are very lenient with the underlying evil we know is present. Especially if we know how to analyze literary works properly, and find all of the genius parallels between life and art. We know they're pushing a homosexual agenda in Supergirl, but we're okay with it because other parts of it sound so good and well presented. But when you think about the question, "Would I watch this in heaven," and if you conclude, "I don't think I would," you have to realize that watching it on earth betrays every prayer that you've offered God that says, "Your will be done on earth as it is in heaven." There is so much freedom when you get rid of the TV. I know it's really hard, and you think, "My life is going to be colorless without these moving stories," but when you give them up, you begin to see the color in the real world, and people in the real world, and you start building communities again where people know each other and love each other, and dance with each other, and sing with each other, and read the Bible together, and pray together, and before you know it, TV has lost its appeal and you would never go back. Bring heaven's culture down to earth. Be present with people, and give up the TV. Stop making an impression on the couch and start making an impression on people.