---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Nov 28, 2018, 4:15 PM
tags: [work, favorites]
---

Maybe I chose the wrong profession. Maybe I like being around people more than I thought I did. Last time somebody asked my, "Why web development?" I simply responded, "You've got to choose something." That's true, but it's not my answer. I started doing web development because I bought a book on sale at half-price books. I was planning just to make a living using principles of technical analysis in trading options. But I decided to learn a new skill. I had learned graphic design, and I loved it, but I didn't know how to deploy it in a job. I started a YouTube channel called "Amplify Ministries" because I realized the world didn't need me to flip burgers. There's enough production in our world, the problem is in distribution. And the biggest problems of my generation is not hunger, but complacency. Bad parenting. The world needs to be parented, and the world needs to be taught. The world needs life changing spiritual awakening, and so I started putting my time towards making sermon jams. I would extract a couple of minutes from a sermon that gave me an epiphany, mix it with music in FL Studio, add kinetic typography in After Effects, and publish the content on YouTube. John Piper said, "Books don't change lives. Sentences do." Dave Johnson observed that books are 98% fluff and 2% value. I was extracting those short genes in the whole string and giving it to my subscribers. There's too much information in the world. My job was to sort through it and preserve the valuable bits, and make it look good so that it will stand out and not get lost in the overload of information that's out there. People don't have time to listen to everything on YouTube. You need quality to make it worth listening to.

What I was mainly concerned with was salvation. Getting saved. Then I got saved. After a while of uploading videos, a job opening became available at my brother's worked, and I trained night and day to be a CADD technician for a month. I didn't get the job, but after the month long expenditure, I was burned out. We went on vacation, I came back and built Legos with my little sister. Then I listened to a sermon by Steven Anderson where he said that people who read books off the clock will become experts in what they do, and I thought, "Maybe I'll become an expert in something."

One of the things I had been interested in was building a website to sort through the sermons I listen to, because I often have a memory of a really good preaching clip, and I can't find it for the life of me. Like Steven Anderson talking about the glow of Moses face when he beheld the hinder parts of God, and if God were to tell us everything in his plans, our finite minds would just explode, just like Moses couldn't take the full glory of God. I can't find that clip. So there's a problem. And the solution I had was to build a website to organize things better than YouTube. This is about quality information not getting lost. Same passion as before. So I had a passive interest in web development, but never thought seriously about it. It was during my training as a CADD technician that I learned VBA, and before that I spent a year building a trading spreadsheet dealing with loads of pieces of data, and splicing strings, and I loved it. It was fun for me to have ideas, work on them, and make them happen. It was invigorating. So I suppose my entry into coding began with Excel, and then Microstation VBA.

Then there was a special sale at half-price books, and we all went there. I bought a selection of maybe 6 books, one of them was how to learn Java. I thought, "For 2 dollars, why not." I've still not read the book. I opened the book to page 1, and it said not even to think about reading the book if I didn't know HTML. So I learned HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and other languages. I downloaded an app to download entire websites, and I downloaded desiringGod.

My ultimate dream has always been to spearhead a movement in vertical farming. I love plants, and I love gardening. I love dirt in my hands. I love fresh air. And I love the Gaylord Hotel in Nashville. I've always loved wealthy structures. Standing on the top floor of a Marriot watching as thousands of cars drive by, and I'm at peace. I love a clean house. I used to purge my room of all my possessions just to see it clean. I collected pictures of expensive architecture because it gave me a thrill to muse on actually being there. One of the things that makes interior design look great is plants. I love the idea of an eco city. In a way, that's what I really care about. One of the many parts of vertical farming involves a specometer that measures what frequencies of light plants absorb in photosynthesis, and create an adjustable light-bulb to emit only those frequencies. This would save power, but you need to know what plants peak where, and everybody owning a device to create that is impractical. So I would create an interactive database, where people who own those devices contribute their results to a catalog of plants that people can access from an app on their phone. That's the first coding-related idea I had. And I wanted to do it. There are so many things I wanted to do. I could have been a lawyer. I could have been an accountant. But I decided to be a soul-winner instead, and live a quiet life. The world didn't need me to end hunger, or be some fancy executive. The world needs to hear the gospel and get saved.

I wanted to quantify the value of labor hours. That seemed like something that needs to be done to me. We need to make a calculator that determines how much you will consume in your life, and those who will be dependent on you will consume, and then determine what you're responsible for creating to trade for that. This isn't a question of market value. What actually makes something have value?

Why soul-winning? As I ponder the greatest architecture I've seen, the highest towers I've stood on, and fanciest walkways my feet have trodden, with fountains and glass, and flowers and trees, and Sim City elite towers, heaven is going to be so much greater. The city of God won't have need of the sun because his glory will be among us. There won't be war, and police, and doctors, and sickness, and fatigue, and thorns, and need of pesticides and GMOs. We will be free to build, and plant, and we will have the technology of God, and the knowledge of God. The least of houses in his Kingdom will be greater than the highest palace of the world. I really believe that. And so as I ponder how to spend my life, doing a great work for building those mansions here, where rust destroys, and wars destroy, and fires destroy, and terrorism destroys, looses its appeal. Whatever great thing I do for the world will not matter in a thousand years. Whatever buildings I build, whatever gardens I grow, if I help people live luxurious here on earth and they go to hell for eternity, my life was nothing. So why soul-winning? I can't  juggle it. I can't do something great for the world and do something great for God. It's one or the other. Being an executive of a company, or a multiplicity of tripple-bottom-line companies that are leading a movement into new technologies and things that have not been done before takes blood, sweat, and tears. It takes early mornings and late nights. It takes a mountain of stress and responsibilities. It takes patience, and work, and sacrifice. It takes phone calls and paperwork. It takes meeting the right people and impressing them. It takes working on persuasion skills and charisma. It takes being a master of knowledge, delegation, and people. It takes financial wisdom. It takes marketing wisdom. It takes your evenings away from you. Real business life isn't a movie where you sit at the top of your tower and just sort of overlook the great view. You don't have time for that. And at the end of all of that, will you sit back and breathe? You've given your life for this, and was it worth it? I want to do something great for the world, but can I handle that? And if I was consumed with all of that, would I be going soul-winning on a weekly basis? Would I have children? Would I have a family? Therefore y soul has said, "There is more glory in the wife of my youth than in the towers of great men." Yes I want those towers. But at what cost? I can barely manage learning one skill set, learning to code and preach the gospel with my 24 hours. And I'm working towards getting a wife. There's no chance in hell that I have what it takes to do what I want. So I have to choose. And if I have to choose, I'm going to choose the gospel. I'm going to choose future glory, and I'm going to choose intimate glory. My daily grind isn't the end. It's not a suffocating, boring, meaningless task. It's my bread that I need to preach on. And my purpose is the gospel. And it's all in view of the promises of God, that what we give up will be 100 times rewarded in heaven. I'm building with gold and silver, not hey and stubble. And it takes an inglorious job to do that. So I've decided to put away my passions for this life.

Nevertheless, I still want the work I do to earn my bread to be as meaningful as it can be. And when I'm building websites, there's a way in which that's meaningful. And I want to have in mind those things, so that I don't get lost in the grind. So that I don't get weary in well doing. So that it doesn't get monotonously mundane. I don't want to be purposeless. I want to have vision. I want to be a person of vision, with a sparkle in the eye. Here are my reasons for choosing web development:

1. Because the internet is by and large how our generation interacts with information. I want to help shape the way it happens.
	- There's too much
	- There's wicked content
	- Good content needs good design and structure
	- I need to give the New IFB credibility, like John Piper's circle has credibility.
2. Because I love graphic design, and I love working with numbers, and I love making ideas real.
3. Because trade is the bedrock of free enterprise, and businesses that don't have a good website go out of business, like Toys R Us did.

