---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Jan 03, 2017, 9:00 PM
tags: [journal]
---

Greater things are yet to come. Lord God, bring me to greater things. I have seen with the eyes of a younger man. I used to have more friends; I used to be friendlier. I used to be more fashionable and with smooth skin. I have become as a reprobate, but you make all things new. Do not cast me away God, I want to come home. I’m not as innocent and young as I used to be, but surely I am still your son. I love your goodness. I miss your guidance. “Greater things” I said 2 years ago, but I have become lesser. I am ready to return, but to something new and not old. I want what I had, yet without sin. I want Christ in me, the hope of glory, and to walk by the power of Emmanuel, not turning to the left or to the right. God, I am better than I was for some things. Come and indwell me, O Lord. I do not know how to rearrange my room. It doesn’t all fit the way I wished it did. Help me. Amen. I have a beard now. There is a way which I walked before which is no longer suitable for me. I cannot seek comfort as before. I cannot be broken and contrite. It isn’t for me any longer to allow tears a place on my skin. I must gird up my loins like a man and be strong, though I am weak in the knees. But I hear your command to strengthen my weak knees. I will do it. Teach me, O Lord, how I must be. I’m older now, but I still need help. I need a Father. I need the Helper. Lead me, O Lord. I return to the Christianity that I was convicted to hate. The music. The love. The new Bible versions, though I do not use them. Hope is what we crave. Guide me God. I need you.

Well that was never supposed to have happened. Supergirl.

Where is the change? What about the difference? The difference was never in my purity of eyes, though I wish for them to be pure. The difference is in what happens after my eyes have broken covenant. It’s easier to grab a play lightsabor and pretend I'm a warrior than to talk to God. You are slow to anger, my Father, but how slow? My own patience withers away as I deliver the same message night after night unto God on high. I have become weary, O God. Where are your limits? And have I passed beyond them? I seek forgiveness, yea, I seek sanctification by faith. Why do I walk in such filthiness of the flesh? I ask you, but surely it was not for Cain to ask God why he slew his brother. No, but you asked him, even already knowing. No answer is given by Cain or by God, so we see that it isn't our motivations for sin which we should fight, but our exercise thereof. For who on the earth can mutilate the gravity of a woman’s beauty before him? He cannot, and for this reason God have him eyelids. A man's neck can turn to look away. His feet are ready to run. His eyes may be covered with darkness. All of this is given as a way to escape, yet every man is seen with his hands to his loins, though he cannot conceive. This mystery is not a great one, though I cannot answer it. If you doeth not well, sin layeth at the door. I sin because I doeth not well, nor am I fruitful, that the Father is willing to prune the sin out of my life. This I must do and apply myself to: the working out of my faith to be fruitful and multiply. In this way I will do well and be accepted by my Father. Yea, for righteousness sake, I must do well. For abstinence sake, I must do work. For sickness sake, meets for the belly. I have faith, though I do sin; my brother has faith, and he is pure. If righteousness comes from faith, what faith? Not all faith is created equal. My faith is worth less than my brother’s if it works not. But yea, faith comes from hearing, and I have heard more than my brother. My faith ought to be purified 10 fold, more valuable then him who had heard little, though my faith is worthless in comparison. Why is my faith dead, O Lord? Again, I question you with the question with which you doth ask the sinner. Make your word true to me, Lord. Fill me with faith as I hear, and accompany my faith with good deeds. God, I'm sorry. Help me to be better and do better. I feel trapped, unable to be free from this sin. Set me free, dear Lord. Make me to walk by the power of the Helper which was purchased for me. In Jesus name I pray, Amen.

# Day 1: 4 Jan 2017

Soul, I talk to you because I haven’t exhausted my questions to you yet. God is not liable for my sin, but you are. I can't ask God, but I can ask you.

What has changed? Though I've been given time, I have not changed, save my resolve has become weak. I talk less with God now than in former days, because my sin remains. I bathe my body in water, but the stench of my iniquity cleaves to my soul. The call of the liberals is attractive. There is a place for me among them, a place for acceptance because they are intimate friends with the wicked. They cast not judgment upon the worker of iniquity; yea, they judge the righteous. But I refuse to be comforted by the company of wicked men. I would rather die in despair over sin than live in peace with it. I hate what I do! God forgive me. Wretched man that I am! Who will set me free from this body of death? Hasten the day, O Lord, when I will be called up. But keep me a little while longer until I have begun the work set before me, even completed it. For when my hands become busy, then no blot shall cleave to it. When I become fruitful, surely I will be pruned. O Father, be patient yet with me a little longer. Jesus, Son of God,  have mercy on me, the sinner.

# Day 1: 5 Jan 2017

Stop it! !!!

I'm serious. Seriously depraved.

I will set no wicked thing before mine eyes. I hate the work of them that turn aside. It shall not cleave to me.

# Day 1: 6 Jan 2017

Every day at the same time, even the morning, I repeat my sin, though I wish to exchange the a for an n. I must take steps to be rid of this. I must abandon my phone, or gouge out my eyes. Which would I rather lose?

I used to get angry, and failure used to fuel the fight inside of me. But now I'm numb. Failure has desensitized me. I used to be competitive, but now I'm sensitive. I used to be angry, but now I'm hopeless. There is deep remorse and hurt in my heart, and each vessel when I open it is empty. It isn’t godly sorrow which leads to repentance, for I continue to be a slave to sin every day, continually. The true proverb is worthy of utterance, “None who go to her house return again, nor do they reach the paths of life.” All my generation who goes to her house is without hope. There’s no way out. I've been surrendered. I pray for repentance, but I remain in my sin. God is far off, a mystery to me. I am dead for this reason. I am dead. IT'S WORTH GOUGING OUT MY EYES. YOU ARE NOT WITHOUT HOPE. Do it. You can't spend eternity in hell. It's real. Jesus warned all of us that it’s real. Don't live your life in sin. Don't be deceived by loss aversion. Eternity isn't far off. It's right here. But I'm writing like an unsaved Lordship Salvationist. All I know is the Bible. And my head is spinning. Salvation is supposed to be accompanied by sinlessness. John is the cause of much agony to my soul. Without a pricked heart, though, would any be saved? God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish, but have eternal life. I will not perish.

I weep for two sorrows: once I weep for my sin, and twice for the day. For it is noon and my mourning is spent reading even for the place of an hour. But I am lazy, sleeping until the eighth hour, and in the tenth hour I give pleasure to my members which crave wicked things, counting sin against me, requiring time both to feel sorry, sleep on behalf of depression, hate myself, wash myself, and wish for a place to pray, but it is cold outside and there is no place. Behold, I will bundle myself and make a place, lest I work for half a day and be downcast apart from hope.

# Day 3: 9 Jan 2017

I have loved too much the things of this world. Though it is my eyes that would benefit from blindness, it is my brother’s eyes which are in danger of it. And my first fear is that I could no longer watch TV with my brother. We were given Netflix, and my eyes and ears have become gluttonous, so that when I wake up in the morning, it is not goal or God that I think about, but the meets for the belly. What of my sermons, and what of doctrine? What of the cause of Christ, and knowing the riches of Christ in me? Yea, even sharing these riches? But my own idolatrous mind clings to the things which amuse me and wither away my time until there is nothing good left. And therefore it is written, the fruitful tree will die, God makes the green tree wither. I am unwise with my time, and unmotivated for my future. If it ended today my only regret would be that I didn't share the gospel. I know the course which God has set before his children. How can I neglect that which is for my joy and for glory, even the glory of God? But I am Martha. No, I am a sluggard. A sluggard doing what is necessary yet without fruit. For I sit at the feet of Jesus and for one day’s reading I spend my whole morning, and the afternoon, but for this reason I am despondent, even weary that I am so entirely slow and do nothing with my hands for the advancement of goal or God. Instead my hands defile themselves and my members, but not now. I sought Jesus and I am 3 days apart from this sin. I will seek him again after the reformers are silent and I close their book for the day. I am nearing its end, the first thing on my checklist, although it is the eighth hour. By the ninth, I will be in prayer, Lord willing. I must return to my hunger, to my seeking of God at all times, and then I will be happy. I must shed myself of the gift of the world, though this, I fear, will come with very much trouble. God heal my brother. Do not remove his sight, and if for righteousness sake you make him blind, let righteousness abound by making him see, even as the man Saul was made to see after 3 days. To God be the glory in Jesus name, help us all, Amen.

I did wrong in the sight of God. I sought out the first sin, the first use of nudity in movies.

# Day 1: 13 Jan 2017

I nearly haven't documented this because of my checklist app. Yesterday I broke covenant to a music video and today when Ben Shapiro cited Game Of Thrones as a show he enjoys.

# Day 1: 14 Jan 2017

She has pierced my breastplate with her arrows. My own mind dreams up visions of lust, deception to give me the appearance of popularity. The appearance of being wanted and desired. For I myself have wanted to answer their questions. “How many dates have you been on, Ethan?” None. Not one. No one has so much as looked at me since the day I was born. So I contrive forensic evidence which will never be revealed. Forensic evidence to make me appear wanted. Don't do it again.

# Day 1: 15 Jan 2017

You just overdosed for two hours trying to find faces. It’ll be a miracle if you haven’t been so desensitized that you have ED.

# Day 1: 16 Jan 2017

I realize now the origins of this sin. It wasn't lust, it was pride. It was derived from a question, “How many dates have you been on?” I wanted to make much of myself. I wanted to make it appear like I was desirable, as though many women had affection for me and imagination of me. This was utter foolishness from the lowest depths of depravity. I did not enjoy crafting my lie. It was odious in my sight, even while I was doing it. There were voices in my head, voices that I suppressed, telling me, “Meet and drink today, but turmoil later. One day you will answer to God for this, and no lie will be your salvation.” If today it was found out that not only had no women ever set their heart on me, but I crafted a lie to make it appear so, I would be embarrassed  and disgraced, all for a sin which was meant to honor me. Sin doesn't have the capacity to fulfil you. All of sin is vanity. I make haste now to delete it, but this is all too familiar. Remember Emily? Remember last year when you violated your conscience strongly for a sin which brought you no pleasure at any time? You swore “never again.” Yesterday was a different flavor of the same poison. Last time it was from lust, with someone real. This time it was from narcissism, with someone fake. You have added sin from the sin of last time. Now instead of lust alone, it has pride added unto it. That feeling you have right now, of utter shame, guilt, condemnation, and fear of being found out, is telling you something important. It is to your soul what pain is to the body. Without it you would have died a long time ago. Don't suppress it; listen to it. Bind up your wounds and be healed. I'm glad I didn't throw away that lollipop from Mexico. It is the only parable to illustrate the nasty taste I have in my soul from what I've done. It is strong and intense, and the flavor makes me gag. Even after I pull it out it remains in my mouth. I cannot bear it for very long. Therefore, remove the Mexican lollipops of sin from your life, Ethan, and let the flavor and strength slowly dissipate. When will it end, Ethan? You thought you would be a teacher by now. Are you even saved? I feel no pulse when I put my fingers against your faith. Can dead faith save? I don't spend time on that question because no matter what I want living faith. My question is how do I get living faith when I continue in sin? Hear, Ethan. Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the words of Christ. Do what Jesus said is necessary, and sit at the feet of Jesus.

I weep deeply beneath my eyes because of this sin. I have wasted time. I have sent my sister away again and again, first because of work, and now because I need restoration. This sin is a leech unto me, which I am eager to pierce through with a sword, even if I should puncture my own flesh.

I feel demented and diluted. I want to do something useful, but insanity will not depart from my head. I want so badly to be free from wanting a family. I think I have a fear of intimacy with people whose conversation does not come naturally. Jennifer, Alex, Sara; I have no fear of these women. But the women upon whom my affections rest, these women I fear because I must expend energy to be around them, to be good company. Conversation isn't natural, it takes effort. And what of the woman I never knew? What of Julia? She already has her heart set on many others. She takes up residence in my thoughts, but she is carried by two men who she regards, and there is not a place for my person in her personality. Yet for lack of intimacy I was driven to fabricate a lie which would have been sin unto me were it true; now it is doubly sin. “God help me!” I suppress the cry. It is God which I fear most. I waste myself before Him every day. I fall on my knees broken and unwilling to repent, though I die for lack of it. “I repent! I repent!” so says my lips, but my eyes look every which way for an opportunity to release my vessel. Why can I not repent? I hate what I do and wish for a world without it. I wish my hands were bound and restricted from doing this evil. I wish that it were blotted out from the face of this earth. Every birthday I wish that I would be free from it. I wish that I were a slave to obedience. So much for wishful thinking. I an a slave to sin, which leads to death. Tell my momma that I had every opportunity to repent, but I squandered them all. Tell her I was a wicked, evil, unholy man. Tell her I couldn't control the passions within me. Tell her I couldn't resist the temptations of sin. Tell her I was given up to a debased mind. But do not tell her that I ever hated God; no, God is good and pure and holy and righteous and all the things I couldn't be. I love his law and regard them in the highest places of my heart. I agree with his judgements, and I do not shake my fist at them. No, no. It is not for enmity that I couldn't make it. It was for failure. Failure to have a faith in Jesus that was so full of life is produced good works and self-control. Failure to walk so closely with the Holy Spirit that he empowered me to walk out the righteousness Jesus died to impute to those who would believe on him. Failure to say one word in the face of temptation: “No.” I was a failure, a wicked man on the earth, and full of lust and lewd passions which warred against me all my days, but I never hated God. No. God is love. He did everything he could to keep me from going to hell. But something dark and twisted inside of me kept me in the clutches of sin. Something sinister and very regrettable never left my heart, and I died. God forgive me. Forgive me. I said I wouldn’t turn this into a prayer, but I can no longer suppress the cry. God help me. Have mercy on me, the sinner. Make for me a place of repentance. For why should I die? Does the Lord have any pleasure in the death of the wicked, and not rather that he should turn from his way and live? I feel as though your grace is spent on me, and all your patience used up. But who am I to know the mind of God? All I know is what you've told us, and I seek it daily, but I do not know the mind of God. Help me, God. Don't let me be washed away in the things of the world. Help me in Jesus name. Amen.

I will in no wise lie again for the sake of my ego. When they ask, “How many dates have you been on?” I will answer the truth without shame. Whether by choice or by lack thereof, I have neither had an intimate companion nor have I captured the affection of a woman at any time. I will not desire to answer any other way, but I will keep my mind from desiring a partner or coveting the life of those who live as such. I will set no wicked thing before mine eyes. I make this day a covenant with my mind. I will not think upon a maid. I will not give allowance to my thoughts that they should be given to vain fantasies, or spent on elaborate dreams which spring from wasted imagination. Go to work, you have no time for such thinking. I will spare myself from the invisible voices of those I imagine to speak with. I will rather speak with God and preach only to my mentees who are men, not women, lest Satan finds a foothold. To my public shame and inner peace, I will be candid about my celibacy. Does not humility credit a man more honor then arrogance? You can't humiliate the humble. I will be humble. For I have tasted the sour fruit of puffery, and it is not to be desired. Why should I lie about a sin for the sake of another sin? Why should I say thus, “I have committed fornication,” that I might receive honor (though I will be despised)? But by truth a man avoids sin 3 fold. He avoids lying, lusting, and pride. I will neither lie nor aspire to make it true, but in my honesty I will not waver, and in my integrity I will not falter.

# Day 1: 17 Jan 2017

I used to like the mirror, even when I despised what was just beneath my skin. But not now. My beard has taken away what was once dear to me, but I grow it out for the sake of the gospel. My beard will deter women and make me as an elder. It is unruly of my face, but I keep it for now. I do not like the way I look. It’s good. Because when I have nothing left to cling to, no cushion to break my fall, I cannot turn my back on God. When I have lost the last thing about myself which the world regards, I will find rest only in God. Though I am restless now, I will find rest. I will be forced to seek God.

I am beginning to understand aging. I am beginning to fear my best days are behind and not forward. For a moment in time I was happy to admit that I was in the best shape of my life, the most handsome I had ever been. But now I cover myself. I mask my face behind a red beard. I keep my hair without style and no product. I have completed the TV series which kept my mind amused. Good. Now I must be inspired. I must be engaged in though. Jesus will be my muse, and I will seek nothing to drown it out; I will not seek amusement. I fear that before me are years of ugliness. I can deal with it. I can’t deal with living in sin apart from God. Lord have mercy. Amen.

I failed today because I was negligent yesterday. When I ought to have deleted a thread, I let it live. At least I won't do that tomorrow. It is finished.

# Day 1: 18 Jan 2017

Faith comes by hearing, and hearing the word of Christ. Listen to Francis Chan.

I was not granted repentance today. I didn't put on Jesus Christ. If I had, maybe I would not have fulfilled the lusts of the flesh.

God gave me the opportunity to work, and I just walked by. I walked by the firetruck for fear that they would think I was a concerned person about them. I should have feared that they would think I wasn’t concerned about them! When will I work? When will I be free? I feal like vomiting. Good; it is a parable unto my soul.

# Day 3: 21 Jan 2017

I am homely, but I don't have to be. I choose to be. I’ve grown my beard and changed my appearance for the sake of the gospel, that I might appear celibate and undesired, in order that I would not hesitate to speak the gospel unto the women of my generation. When my countenance celebrates the mirror I bring a divided mind with me if ever I interact with a maid. “I can have her.” “She wants me.” No longer. I make myself unsightly that the mind of these thoughts would diminish; I want to be as Jesus was, and I want to see women of my age as Jesus saw them, not as potential partners. Every one of them will linger with a man who is confident, for as he appears in his own sight, so they see him. But I put off my confidence to the end of becoming a Bible saturated, God-exalting, God-praising, God-loving, God-focused, undistracted worker of the kingdom of God. I want to become untethered to the idea of building a family with a wife. “he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him.” That's what I want. I don't want to be another Clayton Jennings, so narcissistic because of his beauty that sin’s temptations are too strong for his will power. I don't want to be anther Lucifer. I grow this beard and leave my hair for a reason. It is not a rule, nor a conviction, but a choice, and one that may yet be overturned. For now, I charge myself to remember my resolve and my reasons and keep my unruly beard. I want to walk into a new church and none of the girls look at me as potential partners, but as a son of God by adoption, a Todd White figure. I don't want to woo women with my doctrines of marriage and my parables of relations anymore. They have been attracted to me for this very reason. But I will no longer say it clean shaven; I will say it with a beard. A red beard, patchy and unruly. Maybe one day a Jeff Durbin beard, but not a Hollywood sexy beard.

# Day 4: 22 Jan 2017

When will it stop? When will it end? I said to myself earlier that I would be righteous and make righteous decisions in the face of temptation. Here now I have succumbed to it. I break covenant. After a week of deep sorrow, I finally acquired a moment of joy from church, and for what? “It’s like a little tree.” “You had to have thought about this before.” “Sorry, I was mesmerized by Ethan’s illustration.” “Haha, he already has an answer! He doesn’t ask …” From joy I said, “I will be sustained, and I will not be tempted as before.” I will always be tempted. I can’t build my goals around being free from it; I have to learn to resist it. But in 8 years, I haven't learned. God help me to learn. Jesus said he would send a helper. I need help. Help me Holy Spirit. I have sinned by the lust of the flesh. Forgive me. Cleanse me. Make me new. Help me to be more righteous. Grant me repentance, I pray. Do not harden my heart from fearing you. O God, care about me. Make me to turn away from my sins. I hate them, and I want to forsake them. Make me able to forsake them. God help me. Amen.

“Fence time?” I know. I know. If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? And if thou doest not well, sin layeth at the door. But I need to wrestle with some questions. I need to. My soul is being tormented right now, and I don't want to fix it by ignoring it and just forgetting about it because I was too busy. Today is my Sabbath. It's the only day I have to do this. I need this. I need to wrestle today with God. With Piper. With my Bible. I need today to fall on my knees and weep for my sin. My heart has to have an outlet. These past mornings I woke up so pricked to the heart all I wanted was to die. I couldn't handle walking up to myself. I hate what I do. I hate what I'm addicted to. I can't not hate myself in that respect. I've tried. I need today to weep bitterly, so that when Monday morning rolls around, my grieving will be stinted. I need today to wrestle with my sin.

Right now I am at the cross roads, and in a few minutes I will either be fulfilling the lust of the flesh, or I will be arming myself with weapons to fight against it. Right now is that crucial moment. I usually don't get the chance to right about it while it's happening because when temptation happens, it’s quick. It calls you, and you have to be act swiftly because temptation only comes at opportune times, and it comes strongly and boldly, and there is only a small window of time for you to shoot it down before you bow before it and become a slave. Right now it is strong, and I am getting good at recognizing the calibers of temptation that I can resist, and the calibers that I can’t. Right now it is the latter. I've already screwed up today. I've already sold myself today. Why fight it now if at the end of the day there us a big red X on my checklist for purity? I’m blemished, and my resistance won’t change that. It's too late to change that. But I know that when I come before God, and I will, I will either weep for my sin, or I will be too tarnished in my conscience to even say anything at all. I will walk away feeling forgiven, or weak, guilty, and unsure about my own salvation. That's the crossroad in front of me now. I'm thinking upon a maid which was caught tanning nude in a man’s backyard, and he coerced her into having sex with him. I made a covenant with mine eyes; why then should I think upon a maid? I am thinking about making provisions for the flesh, setting that video before my eyes, to fulfil the lust thereof. I will set no wicked thing before mine eyes, I hate the work of them that turn aside, it shall not cleave to me. Put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make not provision for the flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof. These are the verses I have in my armory. He teacheth my hands to war, so that a bow of steel is broken by mine arms. But even after quoting them, I feel powerless to say no to sin. I have all the verses I need in my head, but none of them are true of me. Maybe he doesn’t train my hands for war. Maybe that's why I'm always being dominated by sin. All David needed was one smooth stone to take down the giant, because God was with him; but when I face the Philistine, I put on Saul’s armor and still fall by his blade. Who am I then? I ask with tears. Even the tears of Esau. When I am done writing, will God grant me repentance? In your mercy, God, grant me repentance. I'm so tired of being dominated by this thing. I’m weary and distressed about my chains and shackles. I feel like I have no power, like I have no free will; like I'm a slave. I don't want freedom, I just want a different master. God, make me a slave to obedience in your mercy. I can't excel in the truth when I spend all my time dwelling on my sin and salvation. My sin distorts my ability to see. O I pray that you would grant me repentance. Please, God, I hate what I do. I know that when I sin I sin against you, and I'm undeserving of grace, but hear my cry and rescue me from this oppression. And it is oppression. Have compassion on me, Lord, and set me free from this slavery. Even you called it slavery. Set me free from it, I pray, in Jesus name. He died to save sinners. Come and save me. This is the critical moment that I have everyday; sin’s deception is every day. Help me fight it right now, Father. I'm broken. I'm powerless. Make me victorious. You are victorious. Help me, Holy Spirit. You're a helper. Help me right now to put on the Lord Jesus Christ and make not provision for the flesh to fulfil the lusts thereof. The body is not for fornication, but for the Lord, and the Lord for the body. Train my hands for war, Holy Spirit. Know me today. Lead me not into temptation, Father, but deliver me from evil. Thine is the kingdom and power and glory forever. Amen.

It's so strong! I can't stop writing! God help! Don’t forget me. I'm your son by adoption. You said if we resist the devil, he would flee from us. But he isn't going anywhere. God, help me. Help me. The minute I stop writing I will step into evil. Don’t let me. I don't know how to pray, but you're my only chance. I don't know what I can ask for, but I can't beat this alone. Grant me repentance, God. I won't stop asking. Get me on fire, Lord. My thumb is weary from writing. Give me rest, Lord.

For hours I was given rest. “This is why we need you out here.” Silly me. I do not write because it is the 18th hour and I should arise in the 1st hour. But when the sun hits my face, I will not get up with sorrow cursing my heart. I will turn over like a door on its hinges because I have no joy in my heart. I may as well write in the night and make things right in the late hours. I watched an alpha m. video where he talked about grooming his mail body parts, and Satan gained footing in my wicked heart. Half an hour later I searched for a girl shaving. My heart feels empty and unsettled as I confess that. Usually since weight is lifted when I confess my sin, but not this time. I can't sleep. It’s one of those nights. I hate myself right now. Why is my heart hard? The very fact that I have a “usually” spectrum is the problem. I'm continuing in sin. “Little children, make sure no one deceives you: the one who practices righteousness is righteous, just as he is righteous. And the one who practices sin is of the devil.” I don’t want to be self-pitying but woe is me! All of the promises if God become meaningless to the unsure and unassured Christian. Can I trust God if I’m the child of the devil? God forbid that I should be. But I fear because this verse says I am. This isn’t helping. I'm just being tossed to and fro even greater by the waves and every wind of doctrine. When will Christ come on deck and calm the storm? I pray that I won’t die and go to hell. God forgive me. I'm sorry, Lord. I've screwed up. I've sinned against you. Have compassion, Lord.

# Day 1: 23 Jan 2017

I need joy to wake up at the 1st hour. I need Jesus’ words in me to have joy. I need the 1st hour to read Jesus’ words. Where do I step into the cycle? With a decision to wake up without joy. To wake up in tears, wanting to die. Instead I abandon work to read, that I might have joy, that I might begin waking up early, that I might do work. But as it is, I have sin, and no joy coexists with sin, so I have no joy.

I need joy to keep me from sin. I need to be rid of sin to get joy. Where do I step into the cycle? With doctrine to be joyful in spite of sin, because Jesus stepped into the cycle. Can I just stop sinning without joy? Or can I just be joyful even though I hate myself for sinning? Both seem impossible. Maybe by God’s word I can receive doctrine which will cause me to rejoice in spite of sin, and after joy I will stop sinning. Grace is not just the gift of restfulness, but the power of God to enable us to strive for holiness. “But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but I laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.”

I am tempted not to write about this seed of temptation right now, because it is not yet great enough to be noteworthy. I was searching for another word, but I am not paralyzed by perfect vocabulary anymore. I am content to use laymen language and appear less scholarly. The alternative is many hesitations while I attempt (and fail) to retrieve the perfect word. Conversations need to be liquid to function. So I will use “noteworthy.” The temptation has not grown yet to something I am worried about. It is amazing, however, how quickly it grows to fruition. In 10 seconds I may have otherwise been subjected to my own lust. I must kill it in the first second, lest it is given opportunity to thrive like a weed.

I can't afford to watch TV. It always pleads the same authorization. “I’ll just see if it's on the Internet but I won't look at it.” Once you find it, it's too late.

# Day 1: 24 Jan 2017

If righteousness comes by faith, and faith by hearing, how does a man make the soil of his heart ready to receive the word? I have heard much, but have no righteousness. The fruit is wickedness which I produce. What is the plow with which a man may tend his soil? I am powerless to know. I will discover it. Faith alone is more complicated than I thought. To get faith is harder than I imagined. But indeed, I have faith, just not the subsequent promise of practiced righteousness that comes from faith, which shows my faith to be dead faith and not living faith, which prompts me to ask how to get saving faith (and faith comes by hearing), but some hear and reject, and some hear and receive, which prompts me to ask how to receive the word that we hear, which comes down to the type of soil which receives the word. But Jesus said, “Except you become as a little child, you will not enter the kingdom of God.” And again, “I praise you Father, that you have withheld these things from the wise, yet revealed them to infants.” So we see the gospel is simple, not complicated. Again it is written, “But foolish and unlearned questions avoid, knowing that they do gender strifes.” These questions have gendered much strife within myself, but they are necessary for me, because I am discontent to leave the Bible unreconciled. It is true. God’s promises are true. But my experience conflicts with the true promises of God. I have to understand this. And if my experience conflicts with God’s word than either I’m wrong or He’s right. But this also means I am going to hell, having neither seen God or known him, but also that I am going to heaven, heaving been sealed with the promised Holy Spirit when I believed. It means I am a divided man, but by this the children of God and the children of the devil are obvious: the one who practices righteousness is of God, and he who practices sin is of the devil. And if by our works our father is manifested, I am a child of the devil. If without the manifestation of my father by works I am not a child of God, I am not a child of God, for this manifestation of outward fruit is not equal to the internal battle of Romans 7, which men cannot neither see nor perceive. But all men can understand is the outward fruit by which a tree is known. And if without the manifestation of fruit a man is without living faith, John speaks not about the divided man, but the whole man. It isn’t as thought your natural self has neither seen God or known him if you continue in sin, while your new self both knows him and will see him at glorification; it is that you, all of you, has not seen him. Because John correlates it to an outward appearance of works, not an inward battle of sin.