---
dg-publish: true
dg-created: Jan 01, 2017, 9:00 PM
tags: [journal]
---

You’re done. You're done. That's it. This is the first day of the new year, and I screwed it up. I want to be saved, but it's too late, isn't it?

One day I will stand before the judge of the universe, and he will sentence me to hell for eternity because I'm not saved. He gave me so many chances, and I just kept honoring him with my mouth with my heart far from him until God gave me up to my own unrepentant mind. And one day when I came to my senses, it was too late, because though I came with tears, I found no place of repentance. I had been so numbed by sin, there was nothing left of my heart that had the God-given capacity to repent from my unbelief. I say unbelief (though I would say sin) because it is belief that makes unforgiven sin forgiven sin. I believe with my whole heart in the gospel of Jesus Christ, and I will preach it to the lost Lord willing before I die, but only as Lazarus screaming from the fire, “Warn my family, Abraham! Warn my family!” Because in my life, I live in continual defeat, continual darkness, continual sin, and the Bible says no saved person lives that way, and I believe the Bible. So here I am in my shackles and chains. Isn’t it worth it just to gouge out my eyes? To mutilate my vessel? Versus an eternity of hell? These things I will ponder. If I have any place of repentance left, perhaps it is this. My eyes have been so blurred by sin that I can no longer see the way out. I've lost my way to escape. But maybe if I read the Bible, and with no place of sin, then perhaps I will begin to see.