[Pastor Steven Anderson Classroom 1-3](https://youtu.be/lv9nLVrDueY?t=3345)

Just want to break down to you the events of the Tribulation and the Rapture because this isn't a fairy tale, this is really going to happen. In fact, we can already see the signs that it's beginning to happen. The Bible tells us that someday there will be a one-world government. Right now, we have all these different governments, we've got the United States, we've got Russia, we've got China. They're all separate sovereign nations. You probably heard the term 'sovereign', all these separate nations. Well, one day the Bible says all of those nations will unite together and form a one-world government. And then, once they form that one-world government, they will hand all the power to one person that will be the head of that government, and that person is known in the Bible as the Antichrist.

And the Antichrist, when he comes, he will be the head of a one-world government and a one-world religion where he basically claims to be the Messiah. He claims to be the second coming of Jesus Christ. He also claims to be the fulfillment of every major religion. For example, did you know that every religion today is looking for a savior or a Messiah to come? For example, evangelical Christianity says that they're looking for the second coming of Jesus Christ. Islam teaches that there will be the Imam Mahdi. I don't know if I'm saying that. Are you Muslim? Yeah, so the Imam Mahdi is coming.

And here's the thing, President Ahmadinejad, the president of Iran, who's ever heard of him before? President Ahmadinejad, he spoke to the United Nations General Assembly a year or two ago, and when he did, he gave a brief synopsis of Islam, and when he was speaking, he talked about how Islam believes that there was the Prophet Abraham, and then there was Moses, and then there was Jesus, and then there was Muhammad. And the Muslims are nodding their head, so I must be getting this right. And basically what Ahmadinejad said was that each of those men brought more truth than the one who came before as man was ready for it, they brought more illumination and more details and more truth.

Okay, and here's what President Ahmadinejad said. He said, 'In the future, another prophet will come that will even be greater than Muhammad and will bring the next stage, the next level of illumination.' So Islam is looking for a messianic figure to come. You know, the Buddhists, they're looking for Krishna or those that are in Tibet, and I'm sure that your teacher probably knows more about this than I do, but those that are in Tibet, they believe that the Dalai Lama's spirit, right, that he's reincarnated as a different person.

So when this man comes on the scene that's going to rule the entire world through a one-world government, basically, the Buddhists will look at him and say, 'This is the new incarnation of the Dalai Lama,' or 'This is the fifth Buddha,' or 'This is…' And the Muslims will say, 'This is the Imam Mahdi,' and evangelical Christianity will say, 'This is the second coming of Jesus Christ.' And the Jews… The Jews don't even believe Jesus was the Messiah; they're still waiting for their Messiah. And the Bible tells us that when the Antichrist comes, the Jews will accept him as their Messiah. So all the major religions of the world will accept this man as the fulfillment of their religion.

Okay, but the Bible says that those who are saved will not be deceived by him. But, the rest of the world will worship him and believe, because he's going to perform miracles. The Bible says he's going to do all these signs and wonders, and he's going to bring in this world government. So, when this man is ruling the entire world, basically, he will command that everyone receive what's called the mark of the beast. Who's ever heard of the mark of the beast? The mark of the beast is going to be something the Bible says in your right hand or in your forehead, and that no one will be able to buy or sell without having this mark. Now, people might have read this a few hundred years ago and said, 'How can you do that? How can you make people not be able to buy or sell unless they have this mark?' But, think about this. Think about the way the technology is. Our money is not worth anything, and I touched on this earlier. This money that I hold in my hand, this federal reserve note, it's a piece of paper. It's worthless. It does not have any intrinsic value. Okay, so if tomorrow somebody said that money is not worth anything, it wouldn't be worth anything, because you remember the Confederate States of America? Remember the Confederate money? People saved up Confederate money in the mattress. Guess what? It wasn't worth anything because it's paper. Now, if I had a gold and silver coin, right, and somebody said it's not worth anything, yes it is. I'll melt it down and take it down to the jewelry store, and I'll get a fortune for it. Okay, so what I'm saying is that in the future, because gold and silver is no longer our money and because we're on this paper fiat currency that's not worth anything, they'll just say, 'Oh, paper money's no good anymore. Now, you go to the grocery store, you ring up your groceries, and then just, and if you don't have a hand, no problem, because we'll put it in your head. Because everybody has a head, you know what I mean? So, it'll go in your hand, but if you don't have a hand, we'll put it in your head, and you'll just, you know, check out at the checker. And so, it'll just all be electronic format, and it's already going that way. It's already getting harder and harder to use cash. There are places that don't even accept cash sometimes now, and we're gonna keep going toward a cashless society and a one-world government, one-world currency, and one-world religion. That's why you're constantly hearing this preach tolerance. We need to all accept other people's religions and respect them. We all believe in the same God. It's all getting everybody ready to join hands and all have the same religion, the same leader. And look, this is a fulfillment of Bible prophecy. Don't tell me we're not headed toward a one-world government. The United Nations has more power every year. I mean, even just Obama sending the troops into Libya, he did that under United Nations resolution, and Congress said, 'Wait a minute. We didn't authorize this.' He said, 'I don't need Congress. I have the United Nations and NATO. NATO told me to do it.' And so, what we're seeing is that we're getting more and more united, and someday these things will happen exactly as the Bible says. We can already see it. It may even happen in our lifetime. And I hope you remember what I'm saying right now when you see these things start to happen, I hope this clicks and you're like, "that extremist pastor was right", you know, oh man, you should already be able to see that I'm right.